07/30/2009 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?

 Tweet
 

Welcome visitors from Buzzfeed, Hot Air, Talking Points Memo, The 
Huffington Post, The Gateway Pundit, and yes... even The Blue Mass Group. 
Here is our response to the manufactured controversy
 
about the op-ed below. While you are here may we suggest you also check out 
our extensive research on RomneyCare which can be found here: RomneyCare – 
The Truth about Massachusetts Health Care


There is also a quote there by Ronald Reagan
 which is sure to be of 
interest.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This opinion article by Mitt Romney appeared in USA Today
 
on 07/30/2009. It is entitled Mr. President, What's the Rush?

Because of President Obama's frantic approach, health care has run off the 
rails. For the sake of 47 million uninsured Americans, we need to get it 
back on track.

Health care cannot be handled the same way as the stimulus and 
cap-and-trade bills. With those, the president stuck to the old style of 
lawmaking: He threw in every special favor imaginable, ground it up and 
crammed it through a partisan Democratic Congress. Health care is simply 
too important to the economy, to employment and to America's families to be 
larded up and rushed through on an artificial deadline. There's a better 
way. And the lessons we learned in Massachusetts could help Washington find 
it.

No other state has made as much progress in covering their uninsured as 
Massachusetts. The bill that made it happen wasn't a rush job. Shortly 
after becoming governor, I worked in a bipartisan fashion with Democrats to 
insure all our citizens. It took almost two years to find a solution. When 
we did, it passed the 200-member legislature with only two dissenting 
votes. It had the support of the business community, the hospital sector 
and insurers. For health care reform to succeed in Washington, the 
president must finally do what he promised during the campaign: Work with 
Republicans as well as Democrats.

Massachusetts also proved that you don't need government insurance. Our 
citizens purchase private, free-market medical insurance. There is no 
"public option." With more than 1,300 health insurance companies, a federal 
government insurance company isn't necessary. It would inevitably lead to 
massive taxpayer subsidies, to lobbyist-inspired coverage mandates and to 
the liberals' dream: a European-style single-payer system. To find common 
ground with skeptical Republicans and conservative Democrats, the president 
will have to jettison left-wing ideology for practicality and dump the 
public option.

The cost issue

Our experience also demonstrates that getting every citizen insured doesn't 
have to break the bank. First, we established incentives for those who were 
uninsured to buy insurance. Using tax penalties, as we did, or tax credits, 
as others have proposed, encourages "free riders" to take responsibility 
for themselves rather than pass their medical costs on to others. This 
doesn't cost the government a single dollar. Second, we helped pay for our 
new program by ending an old one — something government should do more 
often. The federal government sends an estimated $42 billion to hospitals 
that care for the poor: Use those funds instead to help the poor buy 
private insurance, as we did.

When our bill passed three years ago, the legislature projected that our 
program would cost $725 million in 2009. At $723 million, next year's 
forecast is pretty much on target. When you calculate all the savings, 
including that from the free hospital care we eliminated, the net cost to 
the state is approximately $350 million. The watchdog Massachusetts 
Taxpayers Foundation concluded that our program's cost is "relatively 
modest" and "well within initial projections."

And if subsidies and coverages are reined in, as I've suggested, the 
Massachusetts program could actually break even. One thing is certain: The 
president must insist on a program that doesn't add to our spending burden. 
We simply cannot afford another trillion-dollar mistake.

The Massachusetts reform aimed at getting virtually all our citizens 
insured. In that, it worked: 98% of our citizens are insured, 440,000 
previously uninsured are covered and almost half of those purchased 
insurance on their own, with no subsidy. But overall, health care inflation 
has continued its relentless rise. Here is where the federal government can 
do something we could not: Take steps to stop or slow medical inflation.

At the core of our health cost problem is an incentive problem. Patients 
don't care what treatments cost once they pass the deductible. And 
providers are paid more when they do more; they are paid for quantity, not 
quality. We will tame runaway costs only when we change incentives. We 
might do what some countries have done: Require patients to pay a portion 
of their bill, except for certain conditions. And providers could be paid 
an annual fixed fee for the primary care of an individual and a separate 
fixed fee for the treatment of a specific condition. These approaches have 
far more promise than the usual bromides of electronic medical records, 
transparency and pay-for-performance, helpful though they will be.

Try a business-like analysis

I spent most of my career in the private sector. When well-managed 
businesses considered a major change of some kind, they engaged in 
extensive analysis, brought in outside experts, exhaustively evaluated 
every alternative, built consensus among those who would be affected and 
then moved ahead. Health care is many times bigger than all the companies 
in the Dow Jones combined. And the president is rushing changes that dwarf 
what any business I know has faced.

Republicans are not the party of "no" when it comes to health care reform. 
This Republican is proud to be the first governor to insure all his state's 
citizens. Other Republicans such as Rep. Paul Ryan and Sens. Bob Bennett 
and John McCain, among others, have proposed their own plans. Republicans 
will join with the Democrats if the president abandons his government 
insurance plan, if he endeavors to craft a plan that does not burden the 
nation with greater debt, if he broadens his scope to reduce health costs 
for all Americans, and if he is willing to devote the rigorous effort, 
requisite time and bipartisan process that health care reform deserves.

Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts from 2003 to 2007.

26,784 views

Comments are closed.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube – Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 – Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 – Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 – Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 – CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 – Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 – Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 – Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 – Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 – Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 – Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 – CPAC 2008 – Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 – RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 – Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 – Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 – A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 – 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 – CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 – NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 – The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 – Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 – CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 – CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 – Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 – Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 – Mitt Romney’s Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 – Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 – Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 – VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 – Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 – TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 – An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 – Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 – Remarks at Americans for Prosperity’s
                        “Defending the American Dream Summit”
                        
                      # 12/07/11 – Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 – Mitt Romney’s New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 – Mitt Romney’s Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 – Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 – CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 – Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 – Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 – Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 – Remarks in Chicago: “The Freedom to
                        Dream”
                        
                      # 03/20/12 – Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 – Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 – Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 – Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 – NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 – Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 – Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks on Education – “A Chance for
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks On Education: “A Chance For
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 – Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 – Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 – Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 – The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 – U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 – Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 – A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 – Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 – The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 – A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 – Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets – Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 – Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 – The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 – Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 – Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 – Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 – Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 – The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 – Mr. President, Here’s How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 – Obama’s ‘Unconscionable Abuse of Power’
                        
                      # 06/09/10 – We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 – Obama’s Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 – Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 – Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 – Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 – Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 – Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 – Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 – Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 – Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 – On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 – President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 – Rein in Government — Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 – Obama isn’t Serious About America’s
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 – As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 – My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 – Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 – An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 – My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 – The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 – Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 – Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 – China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 – Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 – We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 – How I’ll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 – President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 – I Won’t Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 – What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 – Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 – President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 – We Don’t Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 – Taxpayers Should Get GM Shares’ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 – How I’ll Respond to China’s Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 – A Tax Reform to Restore America’s
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 – Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – How I Would Check Iran’s Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 – Why I’d Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 – Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 – Mitt Romney to President Obama: “Where
                        are the Jobs?”
                        
                      # 05/19/12 – Reinforcing Alliance’s Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 – Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 – What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 – I’ll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 – A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
