08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe, Ohio

 Tweet
 

Thank you, Ohio. It’s good to be back in the Buckeye State. And it’s a 
privilege to be here with two good friends - your great governor, John 
Kasich and your outstanding senator, Rob Portman. Governor Kasich is doing 
a great job despite the head winds from Washington. As President, I can't 
wait to work with Senator Portman to turn those Obama headwinds into 
pro-job policies that will help working families all across Ohio.

Tonight, we’re wrapping up our five-state bus tour to towns big and small. 
That trip reconfirmed to me just how important this election is – and why 
we need to change the direction of the country by changing the current 
occupant of the Oval Office.

We started out on the decks of a battleship in Norfolk, Virginia, where 
arbitrary and reckless defense cuts threaten our national security and 
150,000 jobs. From there it was on to North Carolina, through towns that 
have lost thousands and thousands of manufacturing jobs. And yesterday we 
were in Florida, where families are still struggling with the Obama 
Economy.

The people I met on this tour – and the thousands of Americans I’ve visited 
in break rooms and lunch rooms, in school gymnasiums and on factory floors 
– are worried about their children, their jobs, their mortgages, and their 
future. And they are right to be worried.

All across the country, I’ve met people who are hurting. Some have lost 
their jobs; others work two jobs just to get by. Some have fallen out of 
the middle class and now they’re struggling to get back to where they 
started. The cost of living keeps going up, and they’re living paycheck to 
paycheck.

They are tired of being tired.

And tonight, I’d like to say to each of them: You have not been forgotten. 
We will not leave you behind. This is America. We are Americans. It doesn't 
have to be this way!

Unemployment has been above 8 percent for 42 straight months. We will put 
Americans back to work!

Half of recent college graduates can't find work or a job that matches 
their skills. We'll get good jobs for our kids.

Nearly one out of six Americans are in poverty today. This is a disgrace we 
will end.

And President Obama has amassed five trillion dollars of debt - nearly as 
much debt held by the public as all other Presidents combined. We will end 
this moral failure.

After four years, it’s clear that President Obama’s policies aren’t fixing 
these problems, they're making them worse. That is why Ohio will lead the 
way by electing a new President on November 6th.

For the first time, most Americans believe that our best days are behind 
us. This is an election in which we should be talking about the path ahead, 
but you don't hear any answers coming from President Obama’s re-election 
campaign. That’s because he's intellectually exhausted, out of ideas, and 
out of energy. And so his campaign has resorted to diversions and 
distractions, to demagoguing and defaming others. This is an old game in 
politics; what’s different this year is that the president is taking things 
to a new low.

It wasn’t supposed to be this way.

In 2008, Candidate Obama said, “if you don't have any fresh ideas, then you 
use stale tactics to scare voters.” He said, “if you don't have a record to 
run on, then you paint your opponent as someone people should run from.” 
And that, he told us, is how, “You make a big election about small things.”

That was Candidate Obama describing the strategy that is the now the heart 
of his campaign.

His campaign and his surrogates have made wild and reckless accusations 
that disgrace the office of the Presidency. Another outrageous charge came 
a few hours ago in Virginia. And the White House sinks a little bit lower.

This is what an angry and desperate Presidency looks like.

President Obama knows better, promised better and America deserves better.

Over the last four years, this President has pushed Republicans and 
Democrats as far apart as they can go. And now he and his allies are 
pushing us all even further apart by dividing us into groups. He demonizes 
some. He panders to others. His campaign strategy is to smash America apart 
and then cobble together 51 percent of the pieces.

If an American president wins that way, we all lose.

But he won’t win that way. America is one Nation under God. American 
history has been a story of the many becoming one - uniting to preserve 
liberty, uniting to build the greatest economy in the world, uniting to 
save the world from unspeakable darkness. Everywhere I go in America there 
are monuments that list those who have given their lives. There is no 
mention of their race, their party affiliation or what they did for a 
living. They lived and died under a single flag fighting for a single 
purpose. They pledged allegiance to the United States of America. So, Mr. 
President, take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to 
Chicago and let us get about rebuilding and reuniting America.

This election is about restoring the promise of America. It’s a choice 
between two visions for our nation’s future. It’s about the challenges 
America faces. It is about a better tomorrow and a better future.

We don’t need more excuses. We don’t need more blame. We don’t need more 
small-minded attacks.

What we really need is a new president.

Voters deserve an honest debate. And that’s what Paul Ryan and I will give 
them.

Paul and I have a positive agenda that will lead to economic growth, to 
widespread and shared prosperity that will improve the lives of our fellow 
citizens. Our Plan For A Stronger Middle Class will get America back to 
work and get our country back on track.

We are offering solutions that are bold, specific, and achievable. We’re 
committed to helping create 12 million new jobs and to bring better 
take-home pay to middle class families.

My plan focuses on five things.

First, energy independence. We will achieve North America energy 
independence by 2020, by taking full advantage of our oil, our gas, our 
coal, our renewables and our nuclear power. Abundant, inexpensive, domestic 
energy will not only create energy jobs, it will bring back manufacturing 
jobs.

Second, we must give our workers and our children the skills they need to 
succeed. Our nation cannot continue to fail in public education. For too 
long, we have let the agenda of union bosses steer the agenda of our 
schools. It is time to put our kids and their parents and their teachers 
first, and the union bosses behind.

Third, trade must work for America. We are one of the world's most 
productive nations. Trade creates jobs and raises take-home pay for 
American workers. We must open more doors for trade in Latin America, where 
there is a growing middle class. But when any nation cheats, as China has 
cheated, we must make sure that there are clear and compelling 
consequences.

Fourth, we will do what politicians in both parties have been promising for 
years, but have failed to do. We will cut spending, shrink deficits, and 
put America on track to a balanced budget.

Fifth, we will champion small business. Unlike President Obama, I won't 
raise taxes on small business. I'll make sure regulators protect the 
public, but that they stop killing our jobs. I will remove the crippling 
uncertainty that is preventing businesses from hiring.

That begins by repealing Obamacare. It's bad for jobs and it's bad for 
seniors. If the President is re-elected, he will succeed in raiding $716 
billion from Medicare -- from the trust fund you have paid into all your 
lives – to pay for Obamacare. He is taking your money to finance his risky 
and unproven takeover of the health-care system. He is putting Medicare at 
greater risk. He is putting health care at greater risk. He is putting your 
jobs at greater risk. We must not let Obamacare happen.

If we focus on these five areas – energy, education, trade, deficits, and 
championing small business – America’s economy will come roaring back to 
life. And we will finally see a comeback for America’s middle class.

My plan is based on proven principles that will produce real results. I 
spent 25 years in business, and I know what it takes for the private sector 
to create jobs. I know why jobs go away, what it takes to bring them back, 
and what we must do to make America the best place in the world for 
entrepreneurs and innovators and job creators. My five-point plan will 
bring more jobs and more take-home pay for middle-class Americans.

People ask me why I think the President's policies have been such a 
disappointment. I just don't think President Obama understands what it is 
that drives our economy.

America runs on freedom. Free men and women, pursuing their dreams, working 
hard to build a better future for their families. This is what propels our 
economy. When an American succeeds, when she wins a promotion, when he 
creates a business, it is that individual, that American that has earned 
it, that has built it. Government does not build our businesses, the 
American people do.

The American people also build the government. We pay for it with our 
taxes. We choose who will lead us with our votes.

Do you want a president who believes that your rights come from God, not 
from government?

Do you want a president who honors your right to pursue happiness, not as 
government commands, but as you choose?

Do you want a president who will work every day to bring us together, not 
tear us apart?

Do you want a president who will celebrate success, not attack it?

Do you want a president who will never, ever apologize for the greatest 
nation on earth?

With your support, I will be that President.

We are 84 days away from the start of the better future we deserve.

We need new leadership, and new ideas, and a new approach – because four 
years of failure is enough.

Paul Ryan and I believe in America – and in this election, we’re offering 
Americans a clear and honest choice. Every single day we’re going to do our 
part. And we need you to do yours.

I commit to you that I will be the President that this moment demands. I 
will work to strengthen our families, to rebuild our economy and to keep 
our military second to none in the world.

I ask you to commit like never before over the next 84 days. This election 
can come down to just one more vote. I ask you find that vote. Ask one more 
person to join our campaign. Ask one more person to join us who supported 
President Obama four years ago and didn't get the change they deserved. One 
more vote can make the difference in Ohio. And Ohio will make the 
difference for America.

Thank you. God bless you. And God bless the United States of America.

3,847 views


Leave a Reply Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Comment

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe
 
without commenting.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube – Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 – Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 – Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 – Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 – CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 – Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 – Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 – Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 – Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 – Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 – Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 – CPAC 2008 – Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 – RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 – Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 – Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 – A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 – 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 – CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 – NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 – The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 – Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 – CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 – CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 – Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 – Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 – Mitt Romney’s Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 – Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 – Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 – VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 – Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 – TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 – An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 – Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 – Remarks at Americans for Prosperity’s
                        “Defending the American Dream Summit”
                        
                      # 12/07/11 – Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 – Mitt Romney’s New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 – Mitt Romney’s Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 – Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 – CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 – Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 – Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 – Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 – Remarks in Chicago: “The Freedom to
                        Dream”
                        
                      # 03/20/12 – Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 – Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 – Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 – Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 – NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 – Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 – Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks on Education – “A Chance for
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks On Education: “A Chance For
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 – Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 – Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 – Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 – The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 – U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 – Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 – A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 – Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 – The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 – A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 – Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets – Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 – Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 – The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 – Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 – Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 – Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 – Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 – The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 – Mr. President, Here’s How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 – Obama’s ‘Unconscionable Abuse of Power’
                        
                      # 06/09/10 – We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 – Obama’s Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 – Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 – Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 – Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 – Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 – Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 – Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 – Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 – Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 – On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 – President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 – Rein in Government — Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 – Obama isn’t Serious About America’s
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 – As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 – My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 – Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 – An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 – My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 – The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 – Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 – Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 – China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 – Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 – We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 – How I’ll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 – President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 – I Won’t Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 – What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 – Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 – President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 – We Don’t Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 – Taxpayers Should Get GM Shares’ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 – How I’ll Respond to China’s Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 – A Tax Reform to Restore America’s
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 – Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – How I Would Check Iran’s Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 – Why I’d Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 – Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 – Mitt Romney to President Obama: “Where
                        are the Jobs?”
                        
                      # 05/19/12 – Reinforcing Alliance’s Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 – Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 – What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 – I’ll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 – A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
