07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention

 Tweet
 

Thank you, Bishop Graves, for your generous introduction. Thanks also to 
President Ben Jealous and Chairman Roslyn Brock for the opportunity to be 
here this morning, and for your hospitality. It is an honor to address you.

I appreciate the chance to speak first – even before Vice President Biden 
gets his turn tomorrow. I just hope the Obama campaign won’t think you’re 
playing favorites.

You all know something of my background, and maybe you’ve wondered how any 
Republican ever becomes governor of Massachusetts in the first place. Well, 
in a state with 11 percent Republican registration, you don’t get there by 
just talking to Republicans. We have to make our case to every voter. We 
don’t count anybody out, and we sure don’t make a habit of presuming 
anyone’s support. Support is asked for and earned – and that’s why I’m here 
today.

With 90 percent of African-Americans voting for Democrats, some of you may 
wonder why a Republican would bother to campaign in the African American 
community, and to address the NAACP. Of course, one reason is that I hope 
to represent all Americans, of every race, creed or sexual orientation, 
from the poorest to the richest and everyone in between.

But there is another reason: I believe that if you understood who I truly 
am in my heart, and if it were possible to fully communicate what I believe 
is in the real, enduring best interest of African American families, you 
would vote for me for president. I want you to know that if I did not 
believe that my policies and my leadership would help families of color -- 
and families of any color -- more than the policies and leadership of 
President Obama, I would not be running for president.

The opposition charges that I and people in my party are running for office 
to help the rich. Nonsense. The rich will do just fine whether I am elected 
or not. The President wants to make this a campaign about blaming the rich. 
I want to make this a campaign about helping the middle class.

I am running for president because I know that my policies and vision will 
help hundreds of millions of middle class Americans of all races, will lift 
people from poverty, and will help prevent people from becoming poor. My 
campaign is about helping the people who need help. The course the 
President has set has not done that – and will not do that. My course will.

When President Obama called to congratulate me on becoming the presumptive 
Republican nominee, he said that he, “looked forward to an important and 
healthy debate about America’s future.” To date, I’m afraid that his 
campaign has taken a different course than that.

But, in campaigns at their best, voters can expect a clear choice, and 
candidates can expect a fair hearing – only more so from a venerable 
organization like this one. So, it is that healthy debate about the course 
of the nation that I want to discuss with you today.

If someone had told us in the 1950s or 1960s that a black citizen would 
serve as the forty-fourth president, we would have been proud and many 
would have been surprised. Picturing that day, we might have assumed that 
the American presidency would be the very last door of opportunity to be 
opened. Before that came to pass, every other barrier on the path to equal 
opportunity would surely have come down.

Of course, it hasn’t happened quite that way. Many barriers remain. Old 
inequities persist. In some ways, the challenges are even more complicated 
than before. And across America -- and even within your own ranks -- there 
are serious, honest debates about the way forward.

If equal opportunity in America were an accomplished fact, then a 
chronically bad economy would be equally bad for everyone. Instead, it’s 
worse for African Americans in almost every way. The unemployment rate, the 
duration of unemployment, average income, and median family wealth are all 
worse for the black community. In June, while the overall unemployment rate 
remained stuck at 8.2 percent, the unemployment rate for African Americans 
actually went up, from 13.6 percent to 14.4 percent.

Americans of every background are asking when this economy will finally 
recover – and you, in particular, are entitled to an answer.

If equal opportunity in America were an accomplished fact, black families 
could send their sons and daughters to public schools that truly offer the 
hope of a better life. Instead, for generations, the African-American 
community has been waiting and waiting for that promise to be kept. Today, 
black children are 17 percent of students nationwide – but they are 42 
percent of the students in our worst-performing schools.

Our society sends them into mediocre schools and expects them to perform 
with excellence, and that is not fair. Frederick Douglass observed that, 
“It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.” Yet, 
instead of preparing these children for life, too many schools set them up 
for failure. Everyone in this room knows that we owe them better than that.

The path of inequality often leads to lost opportunity. College, graduate 
school, and first jobs should be milestones marking the passage from 
childhood to adulthood. But for too many disadvantaged young people, these 
goals seem unattainable – and their lives take a tragic turn.

Many live in neighborhoods filled with violence and fear, and empty of 
opportunity. Their impatience for real change is understandable. They are 
entitled to feel that life in America should be better than this. They are 
told even now to wait for improvements in our economy and in our schools, 
but it seems to me that these Americans have waited long enough.

The point is that when decades of the same promises keep producing the same 
failures, then it’s reasonable to rethink our approach – and consider a new 
plan.

I’m hopeful that together we can set a new direction in federal policy, 
starting where many of our problems do – with the family. A study from the 
Brookings Institution has shown that for those who graduate from high 
school, get a full-time job, and wait until 21 before they marry and then 
have their first child, the probability of being poor is two percent. And 
if those factors are absent, the probability of being poor is 76 percent.

Here at the NAACP, you understand the deep and lasting difference the 
family makes. Your former executive director, Dr. Benjamin Hooks, had it 
exactly right. The family, he said, “remains the bulwark and the mainstay 
of the black community. That great truth must not be overlooked.”

Any policy that lifts up and honors the family is going to be good for the 
country, and that must be our goal. As President, I will promote strong 
families – and I will defend traditional marriage.

As you may have heard from my opponent, I am also a believer in the 
free-enterprise system. I believe it can bring change where so many 
well-meaning government programs have failed. I’ve never heard anyone look 
around an impoverished neighborhood and say, “You know, there’s too much 
free enterprise around here. Too many shops, too many jobs, too many people 
putting money in the bank.”

What you hear, of course, is how do we bring in jobs? How do we make good, 
honest employers want to move in and stay? And with the shape this economy 
is in, we’re asking that more than ever.

Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility, economic 
security, and the expansion of the middle class. We have seen in recent 
years what it’s like to have less free enterprise. As President, I will 
show the good things that can happen when we have more – more business 
activity, more jobs, more opportunity, more paychecks, more savings 
accounts.

On Day One, I will begin turning this economy around with a plan for the 
middle class. And I don’t mean just those who are middle class now – I also 
mean those who have waited so long for their chance to join the middle 
class.

I know what it will take to put people back to work, to bring more jobs and 
better wages. My jobs plan is based on 25 years of success in business. It 
has five key steps.

First, I will take full advantage of our energy resources, and I will 
approve the Keystone pipeline from Canada. Low cost, plentiful coal, 
natural gas, oil, and renewables will bring over a million manufacturing 
jobs back to the United States.

Second, I will open up new markets for American products. We are the most 
productive major economy in the world, so trade means good jobs for 
Americans. But trade must be free and fair, so I’ll clamp down on cheaters 
like China and make sure that they finally play by the rules.

Third, I will reduce government spending. Our high level of debt slows GDP 
growth and that means fewer jobs. If our goal is jobs, we must, must stop 
spending over a trillion dollars more than we earn. To do this, I will 
eliminate expensive non-essential programs like Obamacare, and I will work 
to reform and save Medicare and Social Security, in part by means-testing 
their benefits.

Fourth, I will focus on nurturing and developing the skilled workers our 
economy so desperately needs and the future demands. This is the human 
capital with which tomorrow's bright future will be built. Too many homes 
and too many schools are failing to provide our children with the skills 
and education that are essential for anything other than a minimum-wage 
job.

And finally and perhaps most importantly, I will restore economic freedom. 
This nation’s economy runs on freedom, on opportunity, on entrepreneurs, on 
dreamers who innovate and build businesses. These entrepreneurs are being 
crushed by high taxation, burdensome regulation, hostile regulators, 
excessive healthcare costs, and destructive labor policies. I will work to 
make America the best place in the world for innovators and entrepreneurs 
and businesses small and large.

Do these five things – open up energy, expand trade, cut the growth of 
government, focus on better educating tomorrow’s workers today, and restore 
economic freedom – and jobs will come back to America, and wages will rise 
again. The President will say he will do those things, but he will not, he 
cannot, and his record of the last four years proves it.

If I am president, job one for me will be creating jobs. I have no hidden 
agenda. If you want a president who will make things better in the African 
American community, you are looking at him.

Finally, I will address the institutionalized inequality in our education 
system. And I know something about this from my time as governor.

In the years before I took office our state’s leaders had come together to 
pass bipartisan measures that were making a difference. In reading and in 
math, our students were already among the best in the nation – and during 
my term, they took over the top spot.

Those results revealed what good teachers can do if the system will only 
let them. The problem was, this success wasn’t shared. A significant 
achievement gap between students of different races remained. So we set out 
to close it.

I urged faster interventions in failing schools, and the funding to go 
along with it. I promoted math and science excellence in schools, and 
proposed paying bonuses to our best teachers.

I refused to weaken testing standards, and instead raised them. To graduate 
from high school, students had to pass an exam in math and English – I 
added a science requirement as well. And I put in place a merit scholarship 
for those students who excelled: the top 25 percent of students in each 
high school were awarded a John and Abigail Adams Scholarship – which meant 
four years tuition-free at any Massachusetts public institution of higher 
learning.

When I was governor, not only did test scores improve – we also narrowed 
the achievement gap.

The teachers unions were not happy with a number of these reforms. They 
especially did not like our emphasis on choice through charter schools, 
particularly for our inner city kids. Accordingly, the legislature passed a 
moratorium on any new charter schools.

As you know, in Boston, in Harlem, in Los Angeles, and all across the 
country, charter schools are giving children a chance, children that 
otherwise could be locked in failing schools. I was inspired just a few 
weeks ago by the students in one of Kenny Gamble’s charter schools in 
Philadelphia. Right here in Houston is another success story: the Knowledge 
Is Power Program, which has set the standard, thanks to the groundbreaking 
work of the late Harriet Ball.

These charter schools are doing a lot more than closing the achievement 
gap. They are bringing hope and opportunity to places where for years there 
has been none.

Charter schools are so successful that almost every politician can find 
something good to say about them. But, as we saw in Massachusetts, true 
reform requires more than talk. As Governor, I vetoed the bill blocking 
charter schools. But our legislature was 87 percent Democrat, and my veto 
could have been easily over-ridden. So I joined with the Black Legislative 
Caucus, and their votes helped preserve my veto, which meant that new 
charter schools, including some in urban neighborhoods, would be opened.

When it comes to education reform, candidates cannot have it both ways – 
talking up education reform, while indulging the same groups that are 
blocking reform. You can be the voice of disadvantaged public-school 
students, or you can be the protector of special interests like the 
teachers unions, but you can’t be both. I have made my choice: As 
president, I will be a champion of real education reform in America, and I 
won’t let any special interest get in the way.

I will give the parents of every low-income and special needs student the 
chance to choose where their child goes to school. For the first time in 
history, federal education funds will be linked to a student, so that 
parents can send their child to any public or charter school, or to a 
private school, where permitted. And I will make that a true choice by 
ensuring there are good options available to all.

Should I be elected President, I’ll lead as I did when I was governor. I am 
pleased today to be joined today by Reverend Jeffrey Brown, who was a 
member of my kitchen cabinet in Massachusetts that helped guide my policy 
and actions that affected the African American community. I will look for 
support wherever there is good will and shared conviction. I will work with 
you to help our children attend better schools and help our economy create 
good jobs with better wages.

I can’t promise that you and I will agree on every issue. But I do promise 
that your hospitality to me today will be returned. We will know one 
another, and work to common purposes. I will seek your counsel. And if I am 
elected president, and you invite me to next year’s convention, I would 
count it as a privilege, and my answer will be yes.

The Republican Party’s record, by the measures you rightly apply, is not 
perfect. Any party that claims a perfect record doesn’t know history the 
way you know it.

Yet always, in both parties, there have been men and women of integrity, 
decency, and humility who called injustice by its name. For every one of us 
a particular person comes to mind, someone who set a standard of conduct 
and made us better by their example. For me, that man is my father, George 
Romney.

It wasn’t just that my Dad helped write the civil rights provision for the 
Michigan Constitution, though he did. It wasn’t just that he helped create 
Michigan’s first civil rights commission, or that as governor he marched 
for civil rights in Detroit – though he did those things, too.

More than these public acts, it was the kind of man he was, and the way he 
dealt with every person, black or white. He was a man of the fairest 
instincts, and a man of faith who knew that every person was a child of 
God.

I’m grateful to him for so many things, and above all for the knowledge of 
God, whose ways are not always our ways, but whose justice is certain and 
whose mercy endures forever.

Every good cause on this earth relies in the end on a plan bigger than 
ours. “Without dependence on God,” as Dr. King said, “our efforts turn to 
ashes and our sunrises into darkest night. Unless his spirit pervades our 
lives, we find only what G. K. Chesterton called ‘cures that don't cure, 
blessings that don’t bless, and solutions that don’t solve.’”

Of all that you bring to the work of today’s civil rights cause, no 
advantage counts for more than this abiding confidence in the name above 
every name. Against cruelty, arrogance, and all the foolishness of man, 
this spirit has carried the NAACP to many victories. More still are up 
ahead, and with each one we will be a better nation.

Thank you, and God bless you all.

1,212 views


One Response to 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention

   1. Pingback: Fox News/GOP Game
      


Leave a Reply Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Comment

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe
 
without commenting.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube – Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 – Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 – Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 – Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 – CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 – Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 – Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 – Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 – Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 – Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 – Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 – CPAC 2008 – Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 – RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 – Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 – Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 – A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 – 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 – CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 – NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 – The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 – Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 – CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 – CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 – Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 – Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 – Mitt Romney’s Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 – Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 – Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 – VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 – Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 – TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 – An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 – Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 – Remarks at Americans for Prosperity’s
                        “Defending the American Dream Summit”
                        
                      # 12/07/11 – Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 – Mitt Romney’s New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 – Mitt Romney’s Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 – Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 – CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 – Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 – Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 – Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 – Remarks in Chicago: “The Freedom to
                        Dream”
                        
                      # 03/20/12 – Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 – Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 – Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 – Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 – NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 – Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 – Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks on Education – “A Chance for
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks On Education: “A Chance For
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 – Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 – Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 – Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 – The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 – U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 – Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 – A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 – Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 – The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 – A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 – Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets – Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 – Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 – The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 – Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 – Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 – Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 – Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 – The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 – Mr. President, Here’s How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 – Obama’s ‘Unconscionable Abuse of Power’
                        
                      # 06/09/10 – We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 – Obama’s Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 – Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 – Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 – Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 – Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 – Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 – Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 – Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 – Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 – On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 – President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 – Rein in Government — Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 – Obama isn’t Serious About America’s
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 – As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 – My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 – Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 – An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 – My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 – The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 – Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 – Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 – China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 – Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 – We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 – How I’ll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 – President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 – I Won’t Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 – What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 – Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 – President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 – We Don’t Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 – Taxpayers Should Get GM Shares’ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 – How I’ll Respond to China’s Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 – A Tax Reform to Restore America’s
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 – Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – How I Would Check Iran’s Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 – Why I’d Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 – Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 – Mitt Romney to President Obama: “Where
                        are the Jobs?”
                        
                      # 05/19/12 – Reinforcing Alliance’s Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 – Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 – What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 – I’ll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 – A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
