07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention

 Tweet
 

Thank you. Commander Richard DeNoyer, I appreciate the introduction, and 
I’m proud to see a combat veteran from Massachusetts serving as National 
Commander of the VFW.

Ladies Auxiliary President Gwen Rankin, incoming National Commander John 
Hamilton, incoming Ladies Auxiliary President Leanne Lemley, Adjutant 
General Allen “Gunner” Kent, Executive Director Bob Wallace, distinguished 
guests and members of the VFW: Thank you for your generous welcome.

I want to start today with a few words about the unimaginable tragedy in 
Colorado last week. We’ve since learned that among the victims were four 
people who had served – or were serving – our country in uniform. Today, 
our hearts go out to the families of John Larimer of the U.S. Navy; Rebecca 
Wingo, an Air Force veteran; Jesse Childress, an Army veteran and member of 
the Air Force reserve; and Jonathan Blunk, a Navy veteran who died 
shielding his girlfriend from the spray of bullets. The loss of four 
Americans who served our country only adds to the profound tragedy of that 
day. All Americans are grateful for their service and deeply saddened by 
their deaths. We mourn them and we will remember them.

The VFW is now over two million strong. It has a special place in America’s 
heart. Some of you fought recently, in Iraq or Afghanistan. Others are old 
enough to have marched, flown, or sailed by orders of Franklin D. 
Roosevelt. Whatever your age, whether you are a Republican or a Democrat, 
whenever you served – there’s one thing you have in common: You answered 
the call of your country in a time of war. From December 7th, 1941 to 
September 11, 2001, whenever America has been tested, you stepped forward. 
You come from our farms, our great cities, our small towns and quiet 
neighborhoods. Many of you have known violence so that your neighbors could 
only know peace. You have done more than protect America; your courage and 
service defines America. You are America at our best and it is an honor to 
address you.

Our veterans are part of a proud tradition that stretches back to the 
battlefields at Lexington and Concord – and now to places like Fallujah and 
Kandahar. Year after year, our men and women in uniform have added proud 
achievements to their record of service. And President Obama pointed to 
some of them yesterday in his speech.

Any time our military accomplishes a vital mission it is a proud moment for 
our nation. But we owe our veterans and our military more than just an 
accounting of our successes. They deserve a fair and frank assessment of 
the whole picture – of where we are and where we want to be. And when it 
comes to national security and foreign policy, as with our economy, the 
last few years have been a time of declining influence and missed 
opportunity.

Just consider some of the challenges I discussed at your last national 
convention:

Since then, has the American economy recovered?

Has our ability to shape world events been enhanced, or diminished?

Have we gained greater confidence among our allies, and greater respect 
from our adversaries?

And, perhaps most importantly, has the most severe security threat facing 
America and our friends, a nuclear-armed Iran, become more or less likely?

These clear measures are the ultimate tests of American leadership. And, by 
these standards, we haven’t seen much in the President’s first term that 
inspires confidence in a second.

The President’s policies have made it harder to recover from the deepest 
recession in seventy years … exposed the military to cuts that no one can 
justify … compromised our national-security secrets … and in dealings with 
other nations, given trust where it is not earned, insult where it is not 
deserved, and apology where it is not due.

From Berlin to Cairo to the United Nations, President Obama has shared his 
view of America and its place among nations. I have come here today to 
share mine.

I am an unapologetic believer in the greatness of this country. I am not 
ashamed of American power. I take pride that throughout history our power 
has brought justice where there was tyranny, peace where there was 
conflict, and hope where there was affliction and despair. I do not view 
America as just one more point on the strategic map, one more power to be 
balanced. I believe our country is the greatest force for good the world 
has ever known, and that our influence is needed as much now as ever. And I 
am guided by one overwhelming conviction and passion: This century must be 
an American Century.

In 1941, Henry Luce called on his countrymen – just then realizing their 
strength – “to create the first great American century.” And they 
succeeded: together with their allies, they won World War II, they rescued 
Europe, they defeated Communism, and America took its place as leader of 
the free world. Across the globe, they fought, they bled, they led. They 
showed the world the extraordinary courage of the American heart and the 
generosity of the American spirit.

That courage and generosity remains unchanged today. But sadly, this 
president has diminished American leadership, and we are reaping the 
consequences. The world is dangerous, destructive, chaotic. And the two men 
running to be your commander-in-chief must offer their answers to the 
challenges we face.

Like a watchman in the night, we must remain at our post – and keep guard 
of the freedom that defines and ennobles us, and our friends. In an 
American Century, we have the strongest economy and the strongest military 
in the world. In an American Century, we secure peace through our strength. 
And if by absolute necessity we must employ it, we must wield our strength 
with resolve. In an American Century, we lead the free world and the free 
world leads the entire world.

If we do not have the strength or vision to lead, then other powers will 
take our place, pulling history in a very different direction. A just and 
peaceful world depends on a strong and confident America. I pledge to you 
that if I become commander-in-chief, the United States of America will 
fulfill its duty, and its destiny.

American leadership depends, as it always has, on our economic strength, on 
our military strength, and on our moral strength. If any of these falter, 
no skill of diplomacy or presidential oratory can compensate. Today, the 
strength of our economy is in jeopardy.

A healthy American economy is what underwrites American power. When growth 
is missing, government revenue falls, social spending rises, and many in 
Washington look to cut defense spending as an easy out. That includes our 
current President.

Today, we are just months away from an arbitrary, across-the-board budget 
reduction that would saddle the military with a trillion dollars in cuts, 
severely shrink our force structure, and impair our ability to meet and 
deter threats. Don’t bother trying to find a serious military rationale 
behind any of this, unless that rationale is wishful thinking. Strategy is 
not driving President Obama’s massive defense cuts. In fact, his own 
Secretary of Defense warned that these reductions would be “devastating.” 
And he is right.

That devastation starts at home. These cuts would only weaken an already 
stretched VA system and impair our solemn commitment that every veteran 
receives care second to none. I will not allow that to happen.

This is not the time for the President’s radical cuts in the military. Look 
around the globe. Other major powers are rapidly adding to their military 
capabilities, some with intentions very different from ours. The regime in 
Tehran is drawing closer to developing a nuclear weapon. The threat of 
radical Islamic terrorism persists. The threat of weapons of mass 
destruction proliferation is ever-present. And we are still at war and 
still have uniformed men and women in conflict.

All this and more is ongoing in the world. And yet the President has chosen 
this moment for wholesale reductions in the nation’s military capacity. 
When the biggest announcement in his last State of the Union address on 
improving our military was that the Pentagon will start using more clean 
energy – then you know it’s time for a change.

We’re not the first people to observe this. It is reported that Bob Gates, 
the President’s first secretary of defense, bluntly addressed another 
security problem within this administration. After secret operational 
details of the bin Laden raid were given to reporters, Secretary Gates 
walked into the West Wing and told the Obama team to “shut up.” He added a 
colorful word for emphasis.

Lives of American servicemen and women are at stake. But astonishingly, the 
administration failed to change its ways. More top-secret operations were 
leaked, even some involving covert action in Iran.

This isn’t a partisan issue; it’s a national security crisis. And 
yesterday, Democrat Senator Dianne Feinstein, Chairman of the Senate 
Intelligence Committee, said, quote, “I think the White House has to 
understand that some of this is coming from their ranks.”

This conduct is contemptible. It betrays our national interest. It 
compromises our men and women in the field. And it demands a full and 
prompt investigation by a special counsel, with explanation and 
consequence. Obama appointees, who are accountable to President Obama's 
Attorney General, should not be responsible for investigating the leaks 
coming from the Obama White House.

Whoever provided classified information to the media, seeking political 
advantage for the administration, must be exposed, dismissed, and punished. 
The time for stonewalling is over.

It is not enough to say the matter is being looked into, and leave it at 
that. When the issue is the political use of highly sensitive national 
security information, it is unacceptable to say, “We’ll report our findings 
after Election Day.”

Exactly who in the White House betrayed these secrets? Did a superior 
authorize it? These are things that Americans are entitled to know – and 
they are entitled to know right now. If the President believes – as he said 
last week – that the buck stops with him, then he owes all Americans a full 
and prompt accounting of the facts.

And let me make this very clear: These events make the decision we face in 
November all the more important. What kind of White House would reveal 
classified material for political gain? I’ll tell you right now: Mine 
won’t.

The harm done when national security secrets are betrayed extends, of 
course, to the trust that allies place in the United States.

The operating principle of American foreign policy has been to work with 
our allies so that we can deter aggression before it breaks out into open 
conflict. That policy depends on nurturing our alliances and standing up 
for our common values.

Yet the President has moved in the opposite direction.

It began with the sudden abandonment of friends in Poland and the Czech 
Republic. They had courageously agreed to provide sites for our 
anti-missile systems, only to be told, at the last hour, that the agreement 
was off. As part of the so-called reset in policy, missile defenses were 
sacrificed as a unilateral concession to the Russian government.

If that gesture was designed to inspire good will from Russia, it clearly 
missed the mark. The Russian government defended the dictator in Damascus, 
arming him as he slaughtered the Syrian people.

We can only guess what Vladimir Putin makes of the Obama administration. He 
regained the Russian presidency in a corrupt election, and for that, he got 
a congratulatory call from the Oval Office. And then there was that 
exchange picked up by a microphone that President Obama didn’t know was on. 
We heard him asking Dmitry Medvedev to tell Mr. Putin to give him “space.” 
“This is my last election,” President Obama said, and “After my election 
I’ll have more flexibility.”

Why is flexibility with Russian leaders more important than transparency to 
the American people?

President Obama had a moment of candor, however, just the other day. He 
said that the actions of the Venezuelan dictator Hugo Chavez have not had a 
serious national security impact on us. In my view, inviting Hezbollah into 
our hemisphere is severe, serious, and a threat.

But at least he was consistent. After all, this is the president who 
faltered when the Iranian people were looking for support in their struggle 
against the ayatollahs. That uprising was treated as an inconvenient 
problem for the President’s policy of engagement, instead of as a moral and 
strategic opportunity. That terrible misjudgment should never be repeated. 
When unarmed women and men in Tehran find the courage to confront their 
oppressors, at risk of torture and death, they should hear the unequivocal 
voice of an American president affirming their right to be free.

I will leave Reno this evening on a trip abroad that will take me to 
England, Poland, and Israel. And since I wouldn’t venture into another 
country to question American foreign policy, I will tell you right here – 
before I leave – what I think of this administration’s shabby treatment of 
one of our finest friends.

President Obama is fond of lecturing Israel’s leaders. He was even caught 
by a microphone deriding them. He has undermined their position, which was 
tough enough as it was. And even at the United Nations, to the enthusiastic 
applause of Israel’s enemies, he spoke as if our closest ally in the Middle 
East was the problem.

The people of Israel deserve better than what they have received from the 
leader of the free world. And the chorus of accusations, threats, and 
insults at the United Nations should never again include the voice of the 
President of the United States.

There are values, causes, and nations that depend on American strength, on 
the clarity of our purpose, and on the reliability of our commitments. 
There is work in this world that only America and our allies can do, 
hostile powers that only we can deter, and challenges that only we can 
overcome.

For the past decade, among those challenges has been the war in 
Afghanistan. As commander-in-chief, I will have a solemn duty to our men 
and women in uniform. A president owes our troops, their families, and the 
American people a clear explanation of our mission, and a commitment not to 
play politics with the decisions of war.

I have been critical of the President’s decision to withdraw the surge 
troops during the fighting season, against the advice of the commanders on 
the ground. President Obama would have you believe that anyone who 
disagrees with his decisions is arguing for endless war. But the route to 
more war – and to potential attacks here at home – is a politically timed 
retreat.

As president, my goal in Afghanistan will be to complete a successful 
transition to Afghan security forces by the end of 2014. I will evaluate 
conditions on the ground and solicit the best advice of our military 
commanders. And I will affirm that my duty is not to my political 
prospects, but to the security of the nation.

We face another continuing challenge in a rising China. China is attentive 
to the interests of its government – but it too often disregards the rights 
of its people. It is selective in the freedoms it allows; and, as with its 
one-child policy, it can be ruthless in crushing the freedoms it denies. In 
conducting trade with America, it permits flagrant patent and copyright 
violations … forestalls American businesses from competing in its market … 
and manipulates its currency to obtain unfair advantage. It is in our 
mutual interest for China to be a partner for a stable and secure world, 
and we welcome its participation in trade. But the cheating must finally be 
brought to a stop. President Obama hasn’t done it and won’t do it. I will.

We’ll need that same clarity of purpose and resolve in the Middle East. 
America cannot be neutral in the outcome there. We must clearly stand for 
the values of representative government, economic opportunity, and human 
rights. And we must stand against the extension of Iranian or jihadist 
influence.

Egypt is at the center of this historical drama. In many ways, it has the 
power to tip the balance in the Arab world toward freedom and modernity. As 
president, I will not only direct the billions in assistance we give to 
Egypt toward that goal, but I will also work with partner nations to place 
conditions on their assistance as well. Unifying our collective influence 
behind a common purpose will foster the development of a government that 
represents all Egyptians, maintains peace with Israel, and promotes peace 
throughout the region. The United States is willing to help Egypt support 
peace and prosperity, but we will not be complicit in oppression and 
instability.

There is no greater danger in the world today than the prospect of the 
ayatollahs in Tehran possessing nuclear weapons capability. Yet for all the 
talks and conferences, all of the extensions and assurances, can anyone say 
we are farther from this danger now than four years ago?

The same ayatollahs who each year mark a holiday by leading chants of 
“Death to America” are not going to be talked out of their pursuit of 
nuclear weapons. What’s needed is all the firmness, clarity, and moral 
courage that we and our allies can gather. Sanctions must be enforced 
without exception, cutting off the regime’s sources of wealth. Negotiations 
must secure full and unhindered access for inspections. As it is, the 
Iranian regime claims the right to enrich nuclear material for supposedly 
peaceful purposes. This claim is discredited by years of deception. A clear 
line must be drawn: There must be a full suspension of any enrichment, 
period.

And at every turn, Iran must know that the United States and our allies 
stand as one in these critical objectives. Only in this way can we 
successfully counter the catastrophic threat that Iran presents. I pledge 
to you and to all Americans that if I become commander-in-chief, I will use 
every means necessary to protect ourselves and the region, and to prevent 
the worst from happening while there is still time.

It is a mistake – and sometimes a tragic one – to think that firmness in 
American foreign policy can bring only tension or conflict. The surest path 
to danger is always weakness and indecision. In the end, it is resolve that 
moves events in our direction, and strength that keeps the peace.

I will not surrender America’s leadership in the world. We must have 
confidence in our cause, clarity in our purpose, and resolve in our might.

This is very simple: if you do not want America to be the strongest nation 
on earth, I am not your President. You have that President today.

The 21st century can and must be an American Century. It began with terror, 
war, and economic calamity. It is our duty to steer it onto the path of 
freedom, peace, and prosperity.

Fewer members of the Greatest Generation are with us today – and they can’t 
hold the torch as high as they have in the past. We must now seize the 
torch they carried so gallantly and at such sacrifice. It is an eternal 
torch of decency, freedom and hope. It is not America’s torch alone. But it 
is America’s duty – and honor – to hold it high enough so that all the 
world can see its light.

Believe in America.

Thank you and God Bless the United States of America.

2,362 views


One Response to 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention

   1. Beverly Blaschko says:
      July 27, 2012 at 1:27 AM
      

      How wonderful to hear Mitt Romneys words. To hear “God Bless the USA
      . How can anyone not see what a disaster President Obama is to our
      nation and freedom.


Leave a Reply Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Comment

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe
 
without commenting.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube – Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 – Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 – Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 – Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 – CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 – Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 – Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 – Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 – Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 – Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 – Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 – CPAC 2008 – Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 – RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 – Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 – Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 – A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 – 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 – CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 – NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 – The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 – Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 – CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 – CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 – Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 – Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 – Mitt Romney’s Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 – Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 – Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 – VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 – Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 – TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 – An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 – Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 – Remarks at Americans for Prosperity’s
                        “Defending the American Dream Summit”
                        
                      # 12/07/11 – Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 – Mitt Romney’s New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 – Mitt Romney’s Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 – Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 – CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 – Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 – Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 – Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 – Remarks in Chicago: “The Freedom to
                        Dream”
                        
                      # 03/20/12 – Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 – Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 – Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 – Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 – NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 – Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 – Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks on Education – “A Chance for
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks On Education: “A Chance For
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 – Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 – Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 – Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 – The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 – U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 – Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 – A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 – Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 – The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 – A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 – Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets – Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 – Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 – The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 – Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 – Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 – Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 – Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 – The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 – Mr. President, Here’s How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 – Obama’s ‘Unconscionable Abuse of Power’
                        
                      # 06/09/10 – We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 – Obama’s Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 – Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 – Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 – Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 – Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 – Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 – Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 – Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 – Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 – On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 – President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 – Rein in Government — Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 – Obama isn’t Serious About America’s
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 – As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 – My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 – Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 – An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 – My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 – The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 – Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 – Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 – China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 – Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 – We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 – How I’ll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 – President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 – I Won’t Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 – What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 – Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 – President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 – We Don’t Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 – Taxpayers Should Get GM Shares’ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 – How I’ll Respond to China’s Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 – A Tax Reform to Restore America’s
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 – Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – How I Would Check Iran’s Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 – Why I’d Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 – Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 – Mitt Romney to President Obama: “Where
                        are the Jobs?”
                        
                      # 05/19/12 – Reinforcing Alliance’s Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 – Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 – What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 – I’ll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 – A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
