09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative

 Tweet
 

Thank you, Mr. President. I appreciate the kind words and your invitation 
here today.

If there’s one thing we’ve learned this election season, it’s that a few 
words from Bill Clinton can do any man a lot of good. After that 
introduction, I guess all I have to do is wait a day or two for the bounce.

Since serving as President here in America, President Clinton has devoted 
himself to lifting the downtrodden around the world. One of the best things 
that can happen to any cause, to any people, is to have Bill Clinton as its 
advocate. That is how needy and neglected causes have become global 
initiatives. It is that work that invites us here today.

As I have watched the astounding impact of this Initiative from afar, I 
have been impressed by the extraordinary power you have derived by 
harnessing together different people of different backgrounds, and 
different institutions of different persuasions. You have fashioned 
partnerships across traditional boundaries -- public and private, 
for-profit and nonprofit, charitable and commercial.

On a smaller scale, I have seen partnerships like this work before. In 
Massachusetts, two social pioneers brought corporations and government and 
volunteers together to form City Year, the model for Americorps. I sat with 
then candidate for President Bill Clinton as he investigated the 
life-changing successes which occurred when young people came together for 
a year of service, linked in teams with corporate sponsors. Then, as the 
head of the 2002 Winter Olympic Games, I saw again the stunning success 
than comes when the disparate elements of a community join together in 
unity, to overcome challenges that had seemed insurmountable before.

The Clinton Global Initiative has also demonstrated the effectiveness of 
entrepreneurship and social enterprise. You endeavor to not only comfort 
the afflicted, but to also change lives thorough freedom, free enterprise, 
and the incomparable dignity of work.

Free enterprise has done more to bless humanity than any other economic 
system not only because it is the only system that creates a prosperous 
middle class, but also because it is the only system where the individual 
enjoys the freedom to guide and build his or her own life. Free enterprise 
cannot only make us better off financially, it can make us better people.

Ours is a compassionate nation. We look around us and see withering 
suffering. Our hearts break. While we make up just 4.5 percent of the 
world’s population, we donate nearly a quarter of all global foreign 
aid—more than twice as much as any other country. And Americans give more 
than money. Pastors like Rick Warren lead mission trips that send thousands 
of Americans around the world, bringing aid and comfort to the poorest 
places on the planet. American troops are first on the scene of natural 
disasters. An earthquake strikes Haiti and care packages from America are 
among the first to arrive – and not far behind are former Presidents 
Clinton and Bush.

But too often our passion for charity is tempered by our sense that our aid 
is not always effective. We see stories of cases where American aid has 
been diverted to corrupt governments. We wonder why years of aid and relief 
seem never to extinguish the hardship, why the suffering persists decade 
after decade.

Perhaps some of our disappointments are due to our failure to recognize 
just how much the developing world has changed. Many of our foreign aid 
efforts were designed at a time when government development assistance 
accounted for roughly 70 percent of all resources flowing to developing 
nations. Today, 82 percent of the resources flowing into the developing 
world come from the private sector. If foreign aid can leverage this 
massive investment by private enterprise, it may exponentially expand the 
ability to not only care for those who suffer, but also to change lives.

Private enterprise is having a greater and greater positive impact in the 
developing world. The John Deere Company embarked upon a pilot project in 
Africa where it developed a suite of farm tools that could be attached to a 
very small tractor. John Deere has also worked to expand the availability 
of capital to farmers so they can maintain and develop their businesses. 
The result has been a good investment for John Deere and greater 
opportunity for African farmers, who are now able to grow more crops, and 
to provide for more plentiful lives.

For American foreign aid to become more effective, it must embrace the 
power of partnerships, access the transformative nature of free enterprise, 
and leverage the abundant resources that can come from the private sector.

There are three, quite legitimate, objects of our foreign aid.

First, to address humanitarian need. Such is the case with the PEPFAR 
initiative, which has given medical treatment to millions suffering from 
HIV and AIDS.

Second, to foster a substantial United States strategic interest, be it 
military, diplomatic, or economic.

And there is a third purpose, one that will receive more attention and a 
much higher priority in a Romney Administration. And that is aid that 
elevates people and brings about lasting change in communities and in 
nations.

Many Americans are troubled by the developments in the Middle East. Syria 
has witnessed the killing of tens of thousands of people. The president of 
Egypt is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood. Our Ambassador to Libya was 
assassinated in a terrorist attack. And Iran is moving toward nuclear 
weapons capability. We feel that we are at the mercy of events, rather than 
shaping events.

I am often asked why, and what can we do to lead the Middle East to 
stability, to ease the suffering and the anger and the hate.

Religious extremism is certainly part of the problem. But that’s not the 
whole story.

The population of the Middle East is young, particularly compared with the 
population of the West. And typically, these young people have few job 
prospects and the levels of youth unemployment across the region are 
excessive and chronic. In nations that have undergone a change in 
leadership recently, young people have greater access to information that 
was once carefully guarded by tyrants and dictators. They see the good as 
well as the bad in surrounding societies. They can now organize across vast 
regions, mobilizing populations. Idle, humiliated by poverty, and crushed 
by government corruption, their frustration and anger grows.

In such a setting, for America to change lives, to change communities and 
nations in the Middle East, foreign aid must also play a role. And the 
shape that role should take was brought into focus by the life and death of 
Muhammed Bouazizi of Tunisia, the street vendor whose self-immolation 
sparked the Arab Spring.

He was just 26-years-old. He had provided for his family since he was a 
young boy. He worked a small fruit stand, selling to passers-by. The 
regular harassment by corrupt bureaucrats was elevated one day when they 
took crates of his fruit and his weighing scales away from him.

On the day of his protest, witnesses say that an officer slapped Bouazizi 
and he cried out, “Why are you doing this to me? I’m a simple person, and I 
just want to work.”

I just want to work.

Work. That must be at the heart of our effort to help people build 
economies that can create jobs for people, young and old alike. Work builds 
self-esteem. It transforms minds from fantasy and fanaticism to reality and 
grounding. Work will not long tolerate corruption nor quietly endure the 
brazen theft by government of the product of hard-working men and women.

To foster work and enterprise in the Middle East and in other developing 
countries, I will initiate “Prosperity Pacts.” Working with the private 
sector, the program will identify the barriers to investment, trade, and 
entrepreneurialism in developing nations. In exchange for removing those 
barriers and opening their markets to U.S. investment and trade, developing 
nations will receive U.S. assistance packages focused on developing the 
institutions of liberty, the rule of law, and property rights.

We will focus our efforts on small and medium-size businesses. Microfinance 
has been an effective tool at promoting enterprise and prosperity, but we 
must expand support to small and medium-size businesses that are too large 
for microfinance, but too small for traditional banks.

The aim of a much larger share of our aid must be the promotion of work and 
the fostering of free enterprise. Nothing we can do as a nation will change 
lives and nations more effectively and permanently than sharing the insight 
that lies at the foundation of America's own economy--free people pursuing 
happiness in their own ways build a strong and prosperous nation.

When I was in business, I traveled to many other countries. I was often 
struck by the vast difference in wealth among nations. True, some of that 
was due to geography. Rich countries often had natural resources like 
mineral deposits or ample waterways. But in some cases, all that separated 
a rich country from a poor one was a faint line on a map. Countries that 
were physically right next to each other were economically worlds apart. 
Just think of North and South Korea.

I became convinced that the crucial difference between these countries 
wasn’t geography. I noticed the most successful countries shared something 
in common. They were the freest. They protected the rights of the 
individual. They enforced the rule of law. And they encouraged free 
enterprise. They understood that economic freedom is the only force in 
history that has consistently lifted people out of poverty – and kept 
people out of poverty.

A temporary aid package can jolt an economy. It can fund some projects. It 
can pay some bills. It can employ some people some of the time. But it 
can’t sustain an economy—not for long. It can’t pull the whole cart—because 
at some point, the money runs out.

But an assistance program that helps unleash free enterprise creates 
enduring prosperity. Free enterprise is based on mutual exchange—or, 
rather, millions of exchanges—millions of people trading, buying, selling, 
building, investing. Yes, it has its ups and downs. It isn’t perfect. But 
it’s more durable. It’s more reliable. And ultimately, as history shows, 
it’s more successful.

The best example of the good free enterprise can do for the developing 
world is the example of the developed world itself. My friend Arthur Brooks 
of the American Enterprise Institute has pointed out that before the year 
1800, living standards in the West were appalling. A person born in the 
eighteenth century lived essentially as his great-great-grandfather had. 
Life was filled with disease and danger.

But starting in 1800, the West began two centuries of free enterprise and 
trade. Living standards rose. Literacy spread. Health improved. In our own 
country, between 1820 and 1998, real per capita GDP increased 
twenty-two-fold.

As the most prosperous nation in history, it is our duty to keep the engine 
of prosperity running—to open markets across the globe and to spread 
prosperity to all corners of the earth. We should do it because it’s the 
right moral course to help others.

But it is also economically the smart thing to do. In our export 
industries, the typical job pays above what comparable workers make in 
other industries, and more than one-third of manufacturing jobs are tied to 
exports. Sadly, we have lost over half a million manufacturing jobs over 
the last three and a half years.

As president, I will reverse this trend by ensuring we have trade that 
works for America. I will negotiate new trade agreements, ask Congress to 
reinstate Trade Promotion Authority, complete negotiations to expand the 
Trans-Pacific Partnership, and create what I call a “Reagan Economic Zone,” 
where any nation willing to play by the rules can participate in a new 
community committed to fair and free trade.

I’ve laid out a new approach for a new era. We’ll couple aid with trade and 
private investment to empower individuals, encourage innovators, and reward 
entrepreneurs.

Today, we face a world with unprecedented challenges and complexities. We 
should not forget—and cannot forget—that not far from here, a voice of 
unspeakable evil and hatred has spoken out, threatening Israel and the 
civilized world. But we come together knowing that the bitterness of hate 
is no match for the strength of love.

In the weeks ahead, I will continue to speak to these challenges and the 
opportunities that this moment presents us. I will go beyond foreign 
assistance and describe what I believe America’s strategy should be to 
secure our interests and ideals during this uncertain time.

A year from now, I hope to return to this meeting as president, having made 
substantial progress toward achieving the reforms I’ve outlined. But I also 
hope to remind the world of the goodness and the bigness of the American 
heart. I will never apologize for America. I believe that America has been 
one of the greatest forces for good the world has ever known. We can hold 
that knowledge in our hearts with humility and unwavering conviction.

Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you all very much.

1,405 views


One Response to 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative

   1. Kathryn says:
      September 30, 2012 at 8:37 PM
      

      Some of your statements sound hypocritical. Actually, one in
      particular that truly bothers me. You said that we fail at
      recognizing how much the developing world has changed when, in fact,
      you are the one who fails to see this. I remember, when I was a child
      I looked up the term gay simply because I didn’t know what it meant
      and other friends did. I was surprised to see that it meant happy.
      However, if you look that term up on say Mirriam- Webster or
      Dictionary.com, you’ll find that it means homosexual. The term has
      changed because the time has changed. It is now the common word for a
      homosexual; maybe not the best word, but most common none the less.
      So, why is it, you cannot come to terms with two individuals of the
      same sex wishing to be joined in marriage. I understand that religion
      may have a part to play in it but, marriage is not part of religion.
      Athiest get married every day! Maybe not in a church, but by a judge,
      rather. Time’s have changed and I say it has come time for marriage
      to be the union of two human beings, regardless of sex. Isn’t this
      how many saw it years ago? During the slave era and the Civil War
      era? An African women could never marry a white man. But, where are
      we today? A union of so many background cultures and colors. The
      country you wish to represent is a perfect example of that. Why can’t
      you see it? You want to represent a sort of utopian America where
      boys and girls date and marry and have children. Sir, if you go back
      far enough in our history books, you’ll see that America was
      established as an escape from the traditions and values of other
      countries. That is what makes America so great. Yet, you want to
      limit this? Good luck.


Leave a Reply Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Comment

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe
 
without commenting.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube – Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 – Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 – Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 – Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 – CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 – Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 – Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 – Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 – Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 – Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 – Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 – CPAC 2008 – Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 – RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 – Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 – Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 – A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 – 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 – CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 – NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 – The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 – Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 – CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 – CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 – Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 – Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 – Mitt Romney’s Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 – Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 – Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 – VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 – Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 – TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 – An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 – Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 – Remarks at Americans for Prosperity’s
                        “Defending the American Dream Summit”
                        
                      # 12/07/11 – Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 – Mitt Romney’s New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 – Mitt Romney’s Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 – Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 – CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 – Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 – Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 – Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 – Remarks in Chicago: “The Freedom to
                        Dream”
                        
                      # 03/20/12 – Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 – Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 – Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 – Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 – NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 – Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 – Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks on Education – “A Chance for
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks On Education: “A Chance For
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 – Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 – Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 – Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 – The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 – U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 – Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 – A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 – Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 – The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 – A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 – Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets – Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 – Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 – The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 – Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 – Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 – Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 – Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 – The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 – Mr. President, Here’s How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 – Obama’s ‘Unconscionable Abuse of Power’
                        
                      # 06/09/10 – We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 – Obama’s Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 – Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 – Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 – Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 – Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 – Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 – Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 – Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 – Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 – On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 – President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 – Rein in Government — Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 – Obama isn’t Serious About America’s
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 – As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 – My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 – Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 – An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 – My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 – The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 – Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 – Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 – China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 – Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 – We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 – How I’ll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 – President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 – I Won’t Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 – What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 – Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 – President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 – We Don’t Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 – Taxpayers Should Get GM Shares’ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 – How I’ll Respond to China’s Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 – A Tax Reform to Restore America’s
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 – Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – How I Would Check Iran’s Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 – Why I’d Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 – Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 – Mitt Romney to President Obama: “Where
                        are the Jobs?”
                        
                      # 05/19/12 – Reinforcing Alliance’s Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 – Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 – What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 – I’ll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 – A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
