06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience

 Tweet
 

The Price of Inexperience


by Mitt Romney
June 17, 2011

Last year, when President Obama was pushing for ratification of his New 
START nuclear-arms treaty with Russia, I was reminded of a simple maxim: 
When you give something, you’re supposed to get something. But New START, 
as I wrote in the Washington Post
 
, handed the Russians deep reductions in our nuclear capabilities in return 
for essentially nothing.

The Obama administration claimed at the time that the treaty was an 
excellent deal. This claim has been proven false. A new official accounting 
performed by the State Department acknowledges that the number of launchers 
and warheads in Russia’s nuclear arsenal was already below New START’s 
limitations when the treaty took effect, while the U.S. arsenal was well 
above them. In short: We’re the ones who now have to give, while Russia 
gets.

In agreeing to START, President Obama squandered an opportunity to extract 
a number of concessions from the Russians that would have advanced U.S. 
interests. He could have pressed for meaningful reductions not only in 
Russia’s strategic nuclear arsenal, but also in its tactical nuclear force, 
which outnumbers ours by an overwhelming margin. He could have tried to 
elicit Russian help in dealing with North Korea and Iran’s nuclear 
ambitions. But instead he frittered away American bargaining chips and got 
nothing in return.

Unfortunately, that’s become a bit of a pattern. Before signing New START, 
he abruptly abandoned our Europe-based missile-defense program as part of 
his “reset” policy with Russia, leaving Poland and the Czech Republic in 
the lurch. In return? Nothing. He’s been pressing Israel for concessions to 
the Palestinians on settlements and borders even before negotiations 
between them begin. In return? Nothing.

There’s a price to be paid for inexperience in the White house. We are 
paying it.

