08/30/12 Ð Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in Tampa

 Tweet
 

Mr. Chairman, delegates. I accept your nomination for President of the 
United States of America.

I do so with humility, deeply moved by the trust you have placed in me. It 
is a great honor. It is an even greater responsibility.

Tonight I am asking you to join me to walk together to a better future. By 
my side, I have chosen a man with a big heart from a small town. He 
represents the best of America, a man who will always make us proud Ð my 
friend and America's next Vice President, Paul Ryan.

In the days ahead, you will get to know Paul and Janna better. But last 
night America got to see what I saw in Paul Ryan Ð a strong and caring 
leader who is down to earth and confident in the challenge this moment 
demands.

I love the way he lights up around his kids and how he's not embarrassed to 
show the world how much he loves his mom.

But Paul, I still like the playlist on my iPod better than yours.

Four years ago, I know that many Americans felt a fresh excitement about 
the possibilities of a new president. That president was not the choice of 
our party but Americans always come together after elections. We are a good 
and generous people who are united by so much more than what divides us.

When that hard fought election was over, when the yard signs came down and 
the television commercials finally came off the air, Americans were eager 
to go back to work, to live our lives the way Americans always have Ð 
optimistic and positive and confident in the future.

That very optimism is uniquely American.

It is what brought us to America. We are a nation of immigrants. We are the 
children and grandchildren and great-grandchildren of the ones who wanted a 
better life, the driven ones, the ones who woke up at night hearing that 
voice telling them that life in that place called America could be better.

They came not just in pursuit of the riches of this world but for the 
richness of this life.

Freedom.

Freedom of religion.

Freedom to speak their mind.

Freedom to build a life.

And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands.

This is the essence of the American experience.

We Americans have always felt a special kinship with the future.

When every new wave of immigrants looked up and saw the Statue of Liberty, 
or knelt down and kissed the shores of freedom just ninety miles from 
Castro's tyranny, these new Americans surely had many questions. But none 
doubted that here in America they could build a better life, that in 
America their children would be more blessed than they.

But today, four years from the excitement of the last election, for the 
first time, the majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have 
a better future.

It is not what we were promised.

Every family in America wanted this to be a time when they could get ahead 
a little more, put aside a little more for college, do more for their 
elderly mom who's living alone now or give a little more to their church or 
charity.

Every small business wanted these to be their best years ever, when they 
could hire more, do more for those who had stuck with them through the hard 
times, open a new store or sponsor that Little League team.

Every new college graduate thought they'd have a good job by now, a place 
of their own, and that they could start paying back some of their loans and 
build for the future.

This is when our nation was supposed to start paying down the national debt 
and rolling back those massive deficits.

This was the hope and change America voted for.

It's not just what we wanted. It's not just what we expected.

It's what Americans deserved.

You deserved it because during these years, you worked harder than ever 
before. You deserved it because when it cost more to fill up your car, you 
cut out movie nights and put in longer hours. Or when you lost that job 
that paid $22.50 an hour with benefits, you took two jobs at 9 bucks an 
hour and fewer benefits. You did it because your family depended on you. 
You did it because you're an American and you don't quit. You did it 
because it was what you had to do.

But driving home late from that second job, or standing there watching the 
gas pump hit 50 dollars and still going, when the realtor told you that to 
sell your house you'd have to take a big loss, in those moments you knew 
that this just wasn't right.

But what could you do? Except work harder, do with less, try to stay 
optimistic. Hug your kids a little longer; maybe spend a little more time 
praying that tomorrow would be a better day.

I wish President Obama had succeeded because I want America to succeed. But 
his promises gave way to disappointment and division. This isn't something 
we have to accept. Now is the moment when we CAN do something. With your 
help we will do something.

Now is the moment when we can stand up and say, "I'm an American. I make my 
destiny. And we deserve better! My children deserve better! My family 
deserves better. My country deserves better!"

So here we stand. Americans have a choice. A decision.

To make that choice, you need to know more about me and about where I will 
lead our country.

I was born in the middle of the century in the middle of the country, a 
classic baby boomer. It was a time when Americans were returning from war 
and eager to work. To be an American was to assume that all things were 
possible. When President Kennedy challenged Americans to go to the moon, 
the question wasn't whether we'd get there, it was only when we'd get 
there.

The soles of Neil Armstrong's boots on the moon made permanent impressions 
on OUR souls and in our national psyche. Ann and I watched those steps 
together on her parent's sofa. Like all Americans we went to bed that night 
knowing we lived in the greatest country in the history of the world.

God bless Neil Armstrong.

Tonight that American flag is still there on the moon. And I don't doubt 
for a second that Neil Armstrong's spirit is still with us: that unique 
blend of optimism, humility and the utter confidence that when the world 
needs someone to do the really big stuff, you need an American.

That's how I was brought up.

My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the 
Mexican revolution. I grew up with stories of his family being fed by the 
US Government as war refugees. My dad never made it through college and 
apprenticed as a lath and plaster carpenter. And he had big dreams. He 
convinced my mom, a beautiful young actress, to give up Hollywood to marry 
him. He moved to Detroit, led a great automobile company and became 
Governor of the Great State of Michigan.

We were Mormons and growing up in Michigan; that might have seemed unusual 
or out of place but I really don't remember it that way. My friends cared 
more about what sports teams we followed than what church we went to.

My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all Ð the gift of 
unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would BE, and much less 
about what we would DO.

Unconditional love is a gift that Ann and I have tried to pass on to our 
sons and now to our grandchildren. All the laws and legislation in the 
world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers 
and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the 
love of their family Ð and God's love Ñ this world would be a far more 
gentle and better place.

Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret 
was, you could have asked the local florist Ð because every day Dad gave 
Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out 
what happened on the day my father died Ð she went looking for him because 
that morning, there was no rose.

My mom and dad were true partners, a life lesson that shaped me by everyday 
example. When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every 
step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, "Why 
should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing 
our nation?"

I wish she could have been here at the convention and heard leaders like 
Governor Mary Fallin, Governor Nikki Haley, Governor Susana Martinez, 
Senator Kelly Ayotte and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.

As Governor of Massachusetts, I chose a woman Lt. Governor, a woman chief 
of staff, half of my cabinet and senior officials were women, and in 
business, I mentored and supported great women leaders who went on to run 
great companies.

I grew up in Detroit in love with cars and wanted to be a car guy, like my 
dad. But by the time I was out of school, I realized that I had to go out 
on my own, that if I stayed around Michigan in the same business, I'd never 
really know if I was getting a break because of my dad. I wanted to go 
someplace new and prove myself.

Those weren't the easiest of days Ð too many long hours and weekends 
working, five young sons who seemed to have this need to re-enact a 
different world war every night. But if you ask Ann and I what we'd give, 
to break up just one more fight between the boys, or wake up in the morning 
and discover a pile of kids asleep in our room. Well, every mom and dad 
knows the answer to that.

Those days were toughest on Ann, of course. She was heroic. Five boys, with 
our families a long way away. I had to travel a lot for my job then and I'd 
call and try to offer support. But every mom knows that doesn't help get 
the homework done or the kids out the door to school.

I knew that her job as a mom was harder than mine. And I knew without 
question, that her job as a mom was a lot more important than mine. And as 
America saw Tuesday night, Ann would have succeeded at anything she wanted 
to.

Like a lot of families in a new place with no family, we found kinship with 
a wide circle of friends through our church. When we were new to the 
community it was welcoming and as the years went by, it was a joy to help 
others who had just moved to town or just joined our church. We had 
remarkably vibrant and diverse congregants from all walks of life and many 
who were new to America. We prayed together, our kids played together and 
we always stood ready to help each other out in different ways.

And that's how it is in America. We look to our communities, our faiths, 
our families for our joy, our support, in good times and bad. It is both 
how we live our lives and why we live our lives. The strength and power and 
goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and 
goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths.

That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we 
can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small.

It's when we see that new business opening up downtown. It's when we go to 
work in the morning and see everybody else on our block doing the same.

It's when our son or daughter calls from college to talk about which job 
offer they should take....and you try not to choke up when you hear that 
the one they like is not far from home.

It's that good feeling when you have more time to volunteer to coach your 
kid's soccer team, or help out on school trips.

But for too many Americans, these good days are harder to come by. How many 
days have you woken up feeling that something really special was happening 
in America?

Many of you felt that way on Election Day four years ago. Hope and Change 
had a powerful appeal. But tonight I'd ask a simple question: If you felt 
that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama, shouldn't you feel that 
way now that he's President Obama? You know there's something wrong with 
the kind of job he's done as president when the best feeling you had was 
the day you voted for him.

The President hasn't disappointed you because he wanted to. The President 
has disappointed America because he hasn't led America in the right 
direction. He took office without the basic qualification that most 
Americans have and one that was essential to his task. He had almost no 
experience working in a business. Jobs to him are about government.

I learned the real lessons about how America works from experience.

When I was 37, I helped start a small company. My partners and I had been 
working for a company that was in the business of helping other businesses.

So some of us had this idea that if we really believed our advice was 
helping companies, we should invest in companies. We should bet on 
ourselves and on our advice.

So we started a new business called Bain Capital. The only problem was, 
while WE believed in ourselves, nobody else did. We were young and had 
never done this before and we almost didn't get off the ground. In those 
days, sometimes I wondered if I had made a really big mistake. I had 
thought about asking my church's pension fund to invest, but I didn't. I 
figured it was bad enough that I might lose my investors' money, but I 
didn't want to go to hell too. Shows what I know. Another of my partners 
got the Episcopal Church pension fund to invest. Today there are a lot of 
happy retired priests who should thank him.

That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American 
success story. Some of the companies we helped start are names you know. An 
office supply company called Staples Ð where I'm pleased to see the Obama 
campaign has been shopping; The Sports Authority, which became a favorite 
of my sons. We started an early childhood learning center called Bright 
Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised. At a time when 
nobody thought we'd ever see a new steel mill built in America, we took a 
chance and built one in a corn field in Indiana. Today Steel Dynamics is 
one of the largest steel producers in the United States.

These are American success stories. And yet the centerpiece of the 
President's entire re-election campaign is attacking success. Is it any 
wonder that someone who attacks success has led the worst economic recovery 
since the Great Depression? In America, we celebrate success, we don't 
apologize for it.

We weren't always successful at Bain. But no one ever is in the real world 
of business.

That's what this President doesn't seem to understand. Business and growing 
jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but 
always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly 
as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and 
changed the world.

It's the genius of the American free enterprise system Ð to harness the 
extraordinary creativity and talent and industry of the American people 
with a system that is dedicated to creating tomorrow's prosperity rather 
than trying to redistribute today's.

That is why every president since the Great Depression who came before the 
American people asking for a second term could look back at the last four 
years and say with satisfaction: "you are better off today than you were 
four years ago."

Except Jimmy Carter. And except this president.

This president can ask us to be patient.

This president can tell us it was someone else's fault.

This president can tell us that the next four years he'll get it right.

But this president cannot tell us that YOU are better off today than when 
he took office.

Americahas been patient. Americans have supported this president in good 
faith.

But today, the time has come to turn the page.

Today the time has come for us to put the disappointments of the last four 
years behind us.

To put aside the divisiveness and the recriminations.

To forget about what might have been and to look ahead to what can be.

Now is the time to restore the Promise of America. Many Americans have 
given up on this president but they haven't ever thought about giving up. 
Not on themselves. Not on each other. And not on America.

What is needed in our country today is not complicated or profound. It 
doesn't take a special government commission to tell us what America needs.

What America needs is jobs.

Lots of jobs.

In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has 
crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health 
insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are 
higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in 
poverty than ever before. Nearly one out of six Americans is living in 
poverty. Look around you. These are not strangers. These are our brothers 
and sisters, our fellow Americans.

His policies have not helped create jobs, they have depressed them. And 
this I can tell you about where President Obama would take America:

His plan to raise taxes on small business won't add jobs, it will eliminate 
them;

His assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs 
to China;

His trillion dollar cuts to our military will eliminate hundreds of 
thousands of jobs, and also put our security at greater risk;

His $716 billion cut to Medicare to finance Obamacare will both hurt 
today's seniors, and depress innovation Ð and jobs Ð in medicine.

And his trillion-dollar deficits will slow our economy, restrain 
employment, and cause wages to stall.

To the majority of Americans who now believe that the future will not be 
better than the past, I can guarantee you this: if Barack Obama is 
re-elected, you will be right.

I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where 
everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the 
security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that 
their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a 
bright horizon.

And unlike the President, I have a plan to create 12 million new jobs. It 
has 5 steps.

First, by 2020, North America will be energy independent by taking full 
advantage of our oil and coal and gas and nuclear and renewables.

Second, we will give our fellow citizens the skills they need for the jobs 
of today and the careers of tomorrow. When it comes to the school your 
child will attend, every parent should have a choice, and every child 
should have a chance.

Third, we will make trade work for America by forging new trade agreements. 
And when nations cheat in trade, there will be unmistakable consequences.

Fourth, to assure every entrepreneur and every job creator that their 
investments in America will not vanish as have those in Greece, we will cut 
the deficit and put America on track to a balanced budget.

And fifth, we will champion SMALL businesses, America's engine of job 
growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means 
simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the 
most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare 
by repealing and replacing Obamacare.

Today, women are more likely than men to start a business. They need a 
president who respects and understands what they do.

And let me make this very clear Ð unlike President Obama, I will not raise 
taxes on the middle class.

As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the 
institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the 
freedom of religion.

President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans and heal 
the planet. MY promise...is to help you and your family.

I will begin my presidency with a jobs tour. President Obama began with an 
apology tour. America, he said, had dictated to other nations. No Mr. 
President, America has freed other nations from dictators.

Every American was relieved the day President Obama gave the order, and 
Seal Team Six took out Osama bin Laden. But on another front, every 
American is less secure today because he has failed to slow Iran's nuclear 
threat.

In his first TV interview as president, he said we should talk to Iran. 
We're still talking, and Iran's centrifuges are still spinning.

President Obama has thrown allies like Israel under the bus, even as he has 
relaxed sanctions on Castro's Cuba. He abandoned our friends in Poland by 
walking away from our missile defense commitments, but is eager to give 
Russia's President Putin the flexibility he desires, after the election. 
Under my administration, our friends will see more loyalty, and Mr. Putin 
will see a little less flexibility and more backbone.

We will honor America's democratic ideals because a free world is a more 
peaceful world. This is the bipartisan foreign policy legacy of Truman and 
Reagan. And under my presidency we will return to it once again.

You might have asked yourself if these last years are really the America we 
want, the America won for us by the greatest generation.

Does the America we want borrow a trillion dollars from China? No.

Does it fail to find the jobs that are needed for 23 million people and for 
half the kids graduating from college? No.

Are its schools lagging behind the rest of the developed world? No.

And does the America we want succumb to resentment and division? We know 
the answer.

The America we all know has been a story of the many becoming one, uniting 
to preserve liberty, uniting to build the greatest economy in the world, 
uniting to save the world from unspeakable darkness.

Everywhere I go in America, there are monuments that list those who have 
given their lives for America. There is no mention of their race, their 
party affiliation, or what they did for a living. They lived and died under 
a single flag, fighting for a single purpose. They pledged allegiance to 
the UNITED States of America.

That America, that united America, can unleash an economy that will put 
Americans back to work, that will once again lead the world with innovation 
and productivity, and that will restore every father and mother's 
confidence that their children's future is brighter even than the past.

That America, that united America, will preserve a military that is so 
strong, no nation would ever dare to test it.

That America, that united America, will uphold the constellation of rights 
that were endowed by our Creator, and codified in our Constitution.

That united America will care for the poor and the sick, will honor and 
respect the elderly, and will give a helping hand to those in need.

That America is the best within each of us. That America we want for our 
children.

If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my 
energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better 
future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting 
for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and 
freedom of the world require it. And with your help we will deliver it. Let 
us begin that future together tonight.

3,579 views


Leave a Reply Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Comment

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe
 
without commenting.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube Ð Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 Ð Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 Ð Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 Ð Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 Ð CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 Ð Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 Ð Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 Ð Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 Ð Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 Ð Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 Ð Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 Ð CPAC 2008 Ð Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 Ð RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 Ð Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 Ð Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 Ð A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 Ð 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 Ð CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 Ð NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 Ð The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 Ð Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 Ð Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 Ð Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 Ð CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 Ð CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 Ð Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 Ð Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 Ð Mitt RomneyÕs Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 Ð Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 Ð Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 Ð VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 Ð Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 Ð TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 Ð An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 Ð Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 Ð Remarks at Americans for ProsperityÕs
                        ÒDefending the American Dream SummitÓ
                        
                      # 12/07/11 Ð Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 Ð Mitt RomneyÕs New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 Ð Mitt RomneyÕs Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 Ð Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 Ð CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 Ð Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 Ð Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 Ð Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 Ð Remarks in Chicago: ÒThe Freedom to
                        DreamÓ
                        
                      # 03/20/12 Ð Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 Ð Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 Ð Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 Ð Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 Ð NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 Ð A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 Ð Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 Ð Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 Ð Remarks on Education Ð ÒA Chance for
                        Every ChildÓ
                        
                      # 05/23/12 Ð Remarks On Education: ÒA Chance For
                        Every ChildÓ
                        
                      # 06/07/12 Ð ÒA Champion for Free EnterpriseÓ
                        
                      # 06/07/12 Ð ÒA Champion for Free EnterpriseÓ
                        
                      # 06/21/12 Ð Remarks to NALEO: ÒGrowing Opportunity
                        for All AmericansÓ
                        
                      # 06/21/12 Ð Remarks to NALEO: ÒGrowing Opportunity
                        for All AmericansÓ
                        
                      # 07/11/12 Ð Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 Ð Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 Ð Mitt RomneyÕs Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 Ð Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 Ð Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 Ð Mitt RomneyÕs Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 Ð Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 Ð The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 Ð U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 Ð The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 Ð Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 Ð A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 Ð Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 Ð The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 Ð A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 Ð Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets Ð Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 Ð Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 Ð Mr. President, WhatÕs the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 Ð The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 Ð Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 Ð Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 Ð Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 Ð Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 Ð The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 Ð Mr. President, HereÕs How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 Ð ObamaÕs ÔUnconscionable Abuse of PowerÕ
                        
                      # 06/09/10 Ð We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 Ð ObamaÕs Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 Ð Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 Ð Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 Ð Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 Ð Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 Ð Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 Ð Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 Ð Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 Ð Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 Ð On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 Ð President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 Ð Rein in Government Ñ Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 Ð Obama isnÕt Serious About AmericaÕs
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 Ð As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 Ð The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 Ð My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 Ð Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 Ð An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 Ð My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 Ð The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 Ð Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 Ð Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 Ð China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 Ð Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 Ð We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 Ð How IÕll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 Ð President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 Ð I WonÕt Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 Ð What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 Ð Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 Ð President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 Ð We DonÕt Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 Ð Taxpayers Should Get GM SharesÕ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 Ð How IÕll Respond to ChinaÕs Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 Ð A Tax Reform to Restore AmericaÕs
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 Ð Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 Ð How I Would Check IranÕs Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 Ð Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 Ð U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 Ð Why IÕd Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 Ð Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 Ð Mitt Romney to President Obama: ÒWhere
                        are the Jobs?Ó
                        
                      # 05/19/12 Ð Reinforcing AllianceÕs Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 Ð Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 Ð What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 Ð IÕll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 Ð A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
