04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight

 Tweet
 

Thank you Pennsylvania, Delaware, Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York! 
And tonight I can say thank you, America. After 43 primaries and caucuses, 
many long days and more than a few long nights, I can say with confidence – 
and gratitude – that you have given me a great honor and solemn 
responsibility. And, together, we will win on November 6th!

We launched this campaign not far from here on a beautiful June day. It has 
been an extraordinary journey.

Americans have always been eternal optimists. But over the last three and a 
half years, we have seen hopes and dreams diminished by false promises and 
weak leadership. Everywhere I go, Americans are tired of being tired, and 
many of those who are fortunate enough to have a job are working harder for 
less.

For every single mom who feels heartbroken when she has to explain to her 
kids that she needs to take a second job … for grandparents who can’t 
afford the gas to visit their grandchildren … for the mom and dad who never 
thought they’d be on food stamps … for the small business owner desperately 
cutting back just to keep the doors open one more month – to all of the 
thousands of good and decent Americans I’ve met who want nothing more than 
a better chance, a fighting chance, to all of you, I have a simple message: 
Hold on a little longer. A better America begins tonight.

Tonight is the start of a new campaign to unite every American who knows in 
their heart that we can do better! The last few years have been the best 
that Barack Obama can do, but it’s not the best America can do!

Tonight is the beginning of the end of the disappointments of the Obama 
years and the start of a new and better chapter that we will write 
together.

This has already been a long campaign, but many Americans are just now 
beginning to focus on the choice before the country. In the days ahead, I 
look forward to spending time with many of you personally. I want to hear 
what’s on your mind, hear about your concerns, and learn about your 
families. I want to know what you think we can do to make this country 
better…and what you expect from your next President.

And I’ll tell you a little bit about myself. I’ll probably start out 
talking about my wonderful wife Ann – I usually do – and I’ll probably bore 
you with stories about our kids and grandkids. I’ll tell you about how much 
I love this country, where someone like my dad, who grew up poor and never 
graduated from college, could pursue his dreams and work his way up to 
running a great car company. Only in America could a man like my dad become 
governor of the state in which he once sold paint from the trunk of his 
car.

I’d say that you might have heard that I was successful in business. And 
that rumor is true. But you might not have heard that I became successful 
by helping start a business that grew from 10 people to hundreds of people. 
You might not have heard that our business helped start other businesses, 
like Staples and Sports Authority and a new steel mill and a learning 
center called Bright Horizons. And I’d tell you that not every business 
made it and there were good days and bad days, but every day was a lesson. 
And after 25 years, I know how to lead us out of this stagnant Obama 
economy and into a job-creating recovery!

Four years ago Barack Obama dazzled us in front of Greek columns with 
sweeping promises of hope and change. But after we came down to earth, 
after the celebration and parades, what do we have to show for three and a 
half years of President Obama?

Is it easier to make ends meet? Is it easier to sell your home or buy a new 
one? Have you saved what you needed for retirement? Are you making more in 
your job? Do you have a better chance to get a better job? Do you pay less 
at the pump?

If the answer were “yes” to those questions, then President Obama would be 
running for re-election based on his achievements…and rightly so. But 
because he has failed, he will run a campaign of diversions, distractions, 
and distortions. That kind of campaign may have worked at another place and 
in a different time. But not here and not now. It’s still about the economy 
…and we’re not stupid.

People are hurting in America. And we know that something is wrong, 
terribly wrong with the direction of the country.

We know that this election is about the kind of America we will live in and 
the kind of America we will leave to future generations. When it comes to 
the character of America, President Obama and I have very different 
visions.

Government is at the center of his vision. It dispenses the benefits, 
borrows what it cannot take, and consumes a greater and greater share of 
the economy. With Obamacare fully installed, government will come to 
control half the economy, and we will have effectively ceased to be a free 
enterprise society.

This President is putting us on a path where our lives will be ruled by 
bureaucrats and boards, commissions and czars. He’s asking us to accept 
that Washington knows best – and can provide all.

We’ve already seen where this path leads. It erodes freedom. It deadens the 
entrepreneurial spirit. And it hurts the very people it’s supposed to help. 
Those who promise to spread the wealth around only ever succeed in 
spreading poverty. Other nations have chosen that path. It leads to chronic 
high unemployment, crushing debt, and stagnant wages.

I have a very different vision for America, and of our future. It is an 
America driven by freedom, where free people, pursuing happiness in their 
own unique ways, create free enterprises that employ more and more 
Americans. Because there are so many enterprises that are succeeding, the 
competition for hard-working, educated and skilled employees is intense, 
and so wages and salaries rise.

I see an America with a growing middle class, with rising standards of 
living. I see children even more successful than their parents - some 
successful even beyond their wildest dreams – and others congratulating 
them for their achievement, not attacking them for it.

This America is fundamentally fair. We will stop the unfairness of urban 
children being denied access to the good schools of their choice; we will 
stop the unfairness of politicians giving taxpayer money to their friends’ 
businesses; we will stop the unfairness of requiring union workers to 
contribute to politicians not of their choosing; we will stop the 
unfairness of government workers getting better pay and benefits than the 
taxpayers they serve; and we will stop the unfairness of one generation 
passing larger and larger debts on to the next.

In the America I see, character and choices matter. And education, hard 
work, and living within our means are valued and rewarded. And poverty will 
be defeated, not with a government check, but with respect and achievement 
that is taught by parents, learned in school, and practiced in the 
workplace.

This is the America that was won for us by the nation’s Founders, and 
earned for us by the Greatest Generation. It is the America that has 
produced the most innovative, most productive, and the most powerful 
economy in the world.

As I look around at the millions of Americans without work, the graduates 
who can't get a job, the soldiers who return home to an unemployment line, 
it breaks my heart. This does not have to be. It is the result of failed 
leadership and of a faulty vision. We will restore the promise of America 
only if we restore the principles of freedom and opportunity that made 
America the greatest nation on earth.

Today, the hill before us is a little steep but we have always been a 
nation of big steppers. Many Americans have given up on this President but 
they haven’t ever thought about giving up. Not on themselves. Not on each 
other. And not on America.

In the days ahead, join me in the next step toward that destination of 
November 6th, when across America we can give a sigh of relief and know 
that the Promise of America has been kept. The dreamers can dream a little 
bigger, the help wanted signs can be dusted off, and we can start again.

And this time we’ll get it right. We’ll stop the days of apologizing for 
success at home and never again apologize for America abroad.

There was a time – not so long ago – when each of us could walk a little 
taller and stand a little straighter because we had a gift that no one else 
in the world shared. We were Americans. That meant something different to 
each of us but it meant something special to all of us. We knew it without 
question. And so did the world.

Those days are coming back. That’s our destiny.

We believe in America. We believe in ourselves. Our greatest days are still 
ahead. We are, after all, Americans!

God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.

11,553 views

Comments are closed.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube – Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 – Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 – Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 – Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 – CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 – Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 – Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 – Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 – Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 – Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 – Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 – CPAC 2008 – Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 – RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 – Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 – Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 – A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 – 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 – CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 – NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 – The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 – Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 – CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 – CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 – Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 – Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 – Mitt Romney’s Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 – Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 – Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 – VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 – Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 – TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 – An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 – Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 – Remarks at Americans for Prosperity’s
                        “Defending the American Dream Summit”
                        
                      # 12/07/11 – Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 – Mitt Romney’s New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 – Mitt Romney’s Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 – Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 – CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 – Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 – Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 – Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 – Remarks in Chicago: “The Freedom to
                        Dream”
                        
                      # 03/20/12 – Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 – Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 – Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 – Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 – NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 – Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 – Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks on Education – “A Chance for
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks On Education: “A Chance For
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 – Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 – Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 – Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 – The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 – U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 – Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 – A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 – Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 – The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 – A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 – Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets – Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 – Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 – The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 – Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 – Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 – Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 – Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 – The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 – Mr. President, Here’s How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 – Obama’s ‘Unconscionable Abuse of Power’
                        
                      # 06/09/10 – We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 – Obama’s Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 – Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 – Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 – Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 – Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 – Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 – Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 – Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 – Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 – On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 – President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 – Rein in Government — Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 – Obama isn’t Serious About America’s
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 – As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 – My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 – Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 – An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 – My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 – The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 – Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 – Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 – China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 – Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 – We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 – How I’ll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 – President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 – I Won’t Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 – What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 – Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 – President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 – We Don’t Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 – Taxpayers Should Get GM Shares’ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 – How I’ll Respond to China’s Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 – A Tax Reform to Restore America’s
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 – Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – How I Would Check Iran’s Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 – Why I’d Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 – Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 – Mitt Romney to President Obama: “Where
                        are the Jobs?”
                        
                      # 05/19/12 – Reinforcing Alliance’s Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 – Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 – What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 – I’ll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 – A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
