07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem

 Tweet
 

Thank you for that kind introduction, Mayor Barkat, and thank you all for 
that warm welcome. It’s a pleasure and a privilege to be in Israel again.

To step foot into Israel is to step foot into a nation that began with an 
ancient promise made in this land. The Jewish people persisted through one 
of the most monstrous crimes in human history, and now this nation has come 
to take its place among the most impressive democracies on earth. Israel’s 
achievements are a wonder of the modern world.

These achievements are a tribute to the resilience of the Israeli people. 
You have managed, against all odds, time and again throughout your history, 
to persevere, to rise up, and to emerge stronger.

The historian Paul Johnson, writing on the 50th anniversary of the creation 
of the Jewish state, said that over the course of Israel’s life, 100 
completely new independent states had come into existence. “Israel is the 
only one whose creation can fairly be called a miracle,” Johnson wrote.

It is a deeply moving experience to be in Jerusalem, the capital of Israel.

Our two nations are separated by more than 5,000 miles. But for an American 
abroad, you can’t get much closer to the ideals and convictions of my own 
country than you do in Israel. We’re part of the great fellowship of 
democracies. We speak the same language of freedom and justice, and the 
right of every person to live in peace. We serve the same cause and provoke 
the same hatreds in the same enemies of civilization.

It is my firm conviction that the security of Israel is in the vital 
national security interest of the United States. And ours is an alliance 
based not only on shared interests but also on enduring shared values.

In those shared values, one of the strongest voices is that of your prime 
minister, my friend Benjamin Netanyahu. I met with him earlier this morning 
and I look forward to my family joining his this evening as they observe 
the close of this fast day of Tisha B’Av.

It’s remarkable to consider how much adversity, over so great a span of 
time, is recalled by just one day on the calendar. This is a day of 
remembrance and mourning, but like other such occasions, it also calls 
forth clarity and resolve.

At this time, we also remember the 11 Israeli athletes and coaches who were 
massacred at the Munich Olympics forty years ago. Ten years ago this week, 
9 Israeli and American students were murdered in the terrorist attack at 
Hebrew University. And tragedies like these are not reserved to the past. 
They are a constant reminder of the reality of hate, and the will with 
which it is executed upon the innocent.

It was Menachem Begin who said this about the Ninth of the month of Av: “We 
remember that day,” he said, “and now have the responsibility to make sure 
that never again will our independence be destroyed and never again will 
the Jew become homeless or defenseless.” “This,” Prime Minister Begin 
added, “is the crux of the problems facing us in the future.”

So it is today, as Israel faces enemies who deny past crimes against the 
Jewish people and seek to commit new ones.

When Iran’s leaders deny the Holocaust or speak of wiping this nation off 
the map, only the naïve – or worse – will dismiss it as an excess of 
rhetoric. Make no mistake: the ayatollahs in Tehran are testing our moral 
defenses. They want to know who will object, and who will look the other 
way.

My message to the people of Israel and the leaders of Iran is one and the 
same: I will not look away; and neither will my country. As Prime Minister 
Begin put it, in vivid and haunting words, “if an enemy of [the Jewish] 
people says he seeks to destroy us, believe him.”

We have seen the horrors of history. We will not stand by. We will not 
watch them play out again.

It would be foolish not to take Iran’s leaders at their word. They are, 
after all, the product of a radical theocracy.

Over the years Iran has amassed a bloody and brutal record. It has seized 
embassies, targeted diplomats, and killed its own people. It supports the 
ruthless Assad regime in Syria. They have provided weapons that have killed 
American soldiers in Afghanistan and Iraq. It has plotted to assassinate 
diplomats on American soil. It is Iran that is the leading state sponsor of 
terrorism and the most destabilizing nation in the world.

We have a solemn duty and a moral imperative to deny Iran’s leaders the 
means to follow through on their malevolent intentions.

We should stand with all who would join our effort to prevent a 
nuclear-armed Iran – and that includes Iranian dissidents. Do not erase 
from your memory the scenes from three years ago, when that regime brought 
death to its own people as they rose up. The threat we face does not come 
from the Iranian people, but from the regime that oppresses them.

Five years ago, at the Herzliya Conference, I stated my view that Iran’s 
pursuit of nuclear weapons capability presents an intolerable threat to 
Israel, to America, and to the world.

That threat has only become worse.

Now as then, the regime’s claims that it seeks to enrich nuclear material 
for peaceful purposes are belied by years of malign deceptions.

Now as then, the conduct of Iran’s leaders gives us no reason to trust them 
with nuclear material.

But today, the regime in Iran is five years closer to developing nuclear 
weapons capability. Preventing that outcome must be our highest national 
security priority.

I want to pause on this last point. It is sometimes said that those who are 
the most committed to stopping the Iranian regime from securing nuclear 
weapons are reckless and provocative and inviting war.

The opposite is true. We are the true peacemakers. History teaches with 
force and clarity that when the world’s most despotic regimes secure the 
world’s most destructive weapons, peace often gives way to oppression, to 
violence, or to devastating war.

We must not delude ourselves into thinking that containment is an option. 
We must lead the effort to prevent Iran from building and possessing 
nuclear weapons capability. We should employ any and all measures to 
dissuade the Iranian regime from its nuclear course, and it is our fervent 
hope that diplomatic and economic measures will do so. In the final 
analysis, of course, no option should be excluded. We recognize Israel’s 
right to defend itself, and that it is right for America to stand with you.

These are some of the principles I first outlined five years ago. What was 
timely then has become urgent today.

Let me turn from Iran to other nations in the Middle East, where we have 
seen rising tumult and chaos. To the north, Syria is on the brink of a 
civil war. The dictator in Damascus, no friend to Israel and no friend to 
America, slaughters his own people as he desperately clings to power.

Your other neighbor to the north, Lebanon, is under the growing and 
dangerous influence of Hezbollah.

After a year of upheaval and unrest, Egypt now has an Islamist President, 
chosen in a democratic election. Hopefully, this new government understands 
that one true measure of democracy is how those elected by the majority 
respect the rights of those in the minority. The international community 
must use its considerable influence to ensure that the new government 
honors the peace agreement with Israel that was signed by the government of 
Anwar Sadat.

As you know only too well, since Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip in 
2007, thousands of rockets have rained on Israeli homes and cities. I have 
walked on the streets of Sderot, and honor the resolve of its people. And 
now, new attacks have been launched from the Sinai Peninsula.

With Hezbollah rockets aimed at Israel from the north, and Hamas rockets 
aimed from the south, with much of the Middle East in tumult, and with Iran 
bent on nuclear arms, America’s vocal and demonstrated commitment to the 
defense of Israel is even more critical. Whenever the security of Israel is 
most in doubt, America’s commitment to Israel must be most secure.

When the decision was before him in 1948, President Harry Truman decided 
without hesitation that the United States would be the first country to 
recognize the State of Israel. From that moment to this, we have been the 
most natural of allies, but our alliance runs deeper than the designs of 
strategy or the weighing of interests.

The story of how America – a nation still so new to the world by the 
standards of this ancient region – rose up to become the dear friend of the 
people of Israel is among the finest and most hopeful in our nation’s 
history.

Different as our paths have been, we see the same qualities in one another. 
Israel and America are in many respects reflections of one another.

We both believe in democracy, in the right of every people to select their 
leaders and choose their nation’s course.

We both believe in the rule of law, knowing that in its absence, willful 
men may incline to oppress the weak.

We both believe that our rights are universal, granted not by government 
but by our Creator.

We both believe in free enterprise, because it is the only economic system 
that has lifted people from poverty, created a large and enduring middle 
class, and inaugurated incomparable achievements and human flourishing.

As someone who has spent most of his life in business, I am particularly 
impressed with Israel’s cutting edge technologies and thriving economy. We 
recognize yours as the “start-up nation” – and the evidence is all around 
us.

You have embraced economic liberty. You export technology, not tyranny or 
terrorism. And today, your innovators and entrepreneurs have made the 
desert bloom and have made for a better world. The citizens of our 
countries are fortunate to share in the rewards of economic freedom and in 
the creativity of our entrepreneurs. What you have built here, with your 
own hands, is a tribute to your people, and a model for others.

Finally, we both believe in freedom of expression, because we are confident 
in our ideas and in the ability of men and women to think for themselves. 
We do not fear open debate. If you want to hear some very sharp criticisms 
of Israel and its policies, you don’t have to cross any borders. All you 
have to do is walk down the street and into a café, where you’ll hear 
people reasoning, arguing, and speaking their mind. Or pick up an Israeli 
newspaper – you’ll find some of the toughest criticism of Israel you’ll 
read anywhere. Your nation, like ours, is stronger for this energetic 
exchange of ideas and opinions.

That is the way it is in a free society. There are many millions of people 
in the Middle East who would cherish the opportunity to do the same. These 
decent men and women desire nothing more than to live in peace and freedom 
and to have the opportunity to not only choose their government but to 
criticize it openly, without fear of repression or repercussion.

I believe that those who oppose these fundamental rights are on the wrong 
side of history. But history’s march can be ponderous and painfully slow. 
We have a duty to speed and shape history by being unapologetic ambassadors 
for the values we share.

The United States and Israel have shown that we can build strong economies 
and strong militaries. But we must also build strong arguments that advance 
our values and promote peace. We must work together to change hearts and 
awaken minds through the power of freedom, free enterprise and human 
rights.

I believe that the enduring alliance between the State of Israel and the 
United States of America is more than a strategic alliance: it is a force 
for good in the world. America’s support of Israel should make every 
American proud. We should not allow the inevitable complexities of modern 
geopolitics to obscure fundamental touchstones. No country or organization 
or individual should ever doubt this basic truth: A free and strong America 
will always stand with a free and strong Israel.

And standing by Israel does not mean with military and intelligence 
cooperation alone.

We cannot stand silent as those who seek to undermine Israel, voice their 
criticisms. And we certainly should not join in that criticism. Diplomatic 
distance in public between our nations emboldens Israel’s adversaries.

By history and by conviction, our two countries are bound together. No 
individual, no nation, no world organization, will pry us apart. And as 
long as we stay together and stand together, there is no threat we cannot 
overcome and very little that we cannot achieve.

Thank you all. May God bless America, and may He bless and protect the 
Nation of Israel.

2,494 views


One Response to 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem

   1. Rita Harbison says:
      September 1, 2012 at 2:10 PM
      

      It pleases me more than I can express that you stand with Israel.
      America must be a true friend to Israel or we will face God’s
      judgement, not to mention that Israel’s enemies are America’s
      enemies. I applaud your courage to stand up & speak up for Israel.
      You just won a point with me & my husband votes the way I do since I
      do all of the research. May God bless you, keep you, give you great
      favor & wisdom. May God bless America and Israel.


Leave a Reply Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Comment

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe
 
without commenting.

    * [mitt romney central facebook]
       	[mitt romney central
      twitter]  	[mitt romney central
      youtube]  	[mitt romney central
      google plus]  	[mitt romney
      central rss] 

    *     * Get Your Romney / Ryan Gear!

      [Mitt Romney Paul Ryan 2012 t-shirt bumper sticker store]
      

      Disclaimer: MittRomneyCentral.com is a pure grassroots website. It is
      not paid for, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with Governor
      Mitt Romney or his official campaign.
    * Want MRC Sent to Your Inbox?

      Enter your email address:

    * A Must Read! 

    * Like Us on Facebook

    * Follow Us on Twitter

    *     * MRC Chat Box

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CHAT OR TO REGISTER]
      

    * Get an MR12 PicBadge

      For Facebook or Twitter! [Mitt Romney Central PicBadge]
      

    * Mitt Romney Events Calender

      [CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR]
      

    * Official Mitt Romney Sites

          o Blog 
          o Donate 
          o Facebook 
          o Flickr 
          o Google+ 
          o Official Website 
          o Romney Response 
          o Store 
          o Tout 
          o Twitter 
          o YouTube 
    * Other Pro Romney Sites

          o About Mitt Romney 
          o America Needs Mitt 
          o Article VI Blog 
          o Blogs 4 Mitt 
          o Committed to Romney 
          o Encylopedia Mittanica 
          o Evangelicals for Mitt 
          o Got Mitt? 
          o Independents for Romney
            
          o Mitt Romney Express 
          o Mitt Romney ~ Road to the White House
            
          o Mitt: the Man! 
          o MRC Facebook 
          o MRC Twitter 
          o NY for Mitt 
          o Pivot Point Washington 
          o Planet Romney 
          o Raising 4 Romney 
          o The Romney Tweet Grid 
          o Why Romney 
          o YouTube – Mitt Romney Central
            
          o YP For Mitt
            
    * Recommended Sites

          o GOP 
          o GOP 12 
          o Hot Air 
          o Hugh Hewitt Blog 
          o Race 4 2012 
          o Right Speak 
          o Solid Principles 
          o The Drudge Report 
    * [Mitt Romney 2012 Bumper Sticker]  Click
      image to visit our store.

    * Categories

          o 2008 Election
             (50)
          o 2010 Election
             (226)
          o 2012 Announcement
             
            (50)
          o 2012 Election
             (1677)
          o 2012 Exploratory Committee
             
            (10)
          o 2nd Amendment
             
            (3)
          o Abortion
             (58)
          o Afghanistan
             (10)
          o Alabama  
            (9)
          o Alaska  
            (5)
          o American Samoa
             (2)
          o Ann Romney  
            (118)
          o Arizona  
            (40)
          o Audio  (8)
          o Auto Bailout
             (7)
          o Bain  (21)
          o Bain Capital
             (13)
          o Barack Obama
             (924)
          o Book
             
            (38)
          o California
             
            (22)
          o Campaign Schedule
             (7)
          o Cap and Trade
             
            (32)
          o Capitalism
             (103)
          o Card Check
             (14)
          o Character  
            (129)
          o China  (16)
          o Chris Christie
             
            (42)
          o Class Warfare
             (19)
          o Colorado
             (19)
          o Congress  
            (33)
          o Connecticut
             
            (4)
          o Conservatives
             (369)
          o Debate  (115)
          o Debt  (86)
          o Deficit Spending
             
            (156)
          o Delaware  (3)
          o Democrats  
            (148)
          o Donald Trump
             (24)
          o Donald Trump
             
            (12)
          o Economy  (572)
          o Education  
            (8)
          o Election Caucus
             (26)
          o Endorsements
             (344)
          o Energy Independence
             
            (17)
          o Energy Policy
             
            (33)
          o Entitlements
             (7)
          o Facebook  (4)
          o Family Values
             (345)
          o Florida  
            (116)
          o Foreign Aid
             (9)
          o Foreign Policy
             (190)
          o Fox News  
            (86)
          o Free Trade  
            (19)
          o Fundraising
             (224)
          o gasoline prices
             (14)
          o Gay Marriage
             (8)
          o Georgia  
            (12)
          o GOP  (583)
          o Gun Control
             (1)
          o Haley Barbour
             (3)
          o Hawaii  
            (2)
          o Health Care
             
            (200)
          o Herman Cain
             (62)
          o Hispanics  
            (11)
          o Holidays  
            (24)
          o Housing Market/Mortgage Industry
             
            (16)
          o Idaho  
            (3)
          o Illinois
             (20)
          o Immigration
             
            (84)
          o Indiana  
            (5)
          o Infographic
             (2)
          o Iowa  (96)
          o Iran  (21)
          o Iraq  (16)
          o Israel  (38)
          o Issues  (46)
          o Jeb Bush  
            (7)
          o Jim DeMint
             (5)
          o Jobs  
            (318)
          o Joe Biden  
            (17)
          o John McCain
             (92)
          o John Thune
             (5)
          o Jon Huntsman Jr.
             
            (75)
          o Kentucky
             (3)
          o Law  (8)
          o Libya  (8)
          o Louisiana
             (8)
          o Maine  
            (7)
          o Maryland
             (6)
          o Massachusetts
             
            (16)
          o MassCare  
            (34)
          o Media Appearances
             
            (131)
          o Medicare
             (8)
          o Michele Bachmann
             
            (90)
          o Michigan
             (59)
          o Mike Huckabee
             
            (134)
          o Mike Pence
             (1)
          o Military  
            (35)
          o Minnesota
             
            (7)
          o Mississippi
             
            (7)
          o Missouri
             (11)
          o Mitch Daniels
             (9)
          o Mitt Romney
             (3686)
          o Montana  
            (2)
          o National Security
             
            (145)
          o Natural Disasters
             (6)
          o Nebraska
             (3)
          o Nevada  
            (60)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (92)
          o New Hampshire
             
            (66)
          o New Jersey
             (8)
          o New Mexico
             (2)
          o New York
             (9)
          o Newt Gingrich
             
            (289)
          o Nikki Haley
             
            (14)
          o No Apology  
            (78)
          o North Carolina
             
            (11)
          o North Dakota
             
            (2)
          o Obama Isn't Working
             
            (198)
          o Obamacare  
            (87)
          o Ohio  (24)
          o Oklahoma
             (5)
          o Olympics  
            (22)
          o On-site Polls
             (26)
          o Op-eds  (171)
          o Oregon  
            (2)
          o Paul Ryan
             (37)
          o Pennsylvania
             
            (21)
          o Pinocchio  
            (12)
          o Podcast  (1)
          o Political Ads
             (18)
          o Political Cartoons
             
            (74)
          o Polls  (202)
          o Power Rankings
             (6)
          o Puerto Rico
             
            (2)
          o Race to the Top
             (10)
          o Regulations
             (13)
          o Religion  
            (92)
          o Rick Perry
             (125)
          o Rick Santorum
             
            (199)
          o Right-To-Work
             (11)
          o Romney Bus Tour
             (7)
          o RomneyCare
             
            (65)
          o Ron Paul  
            (132)
          o Rudy Giuliani
             (9)
          o Russia  (7)
          o Same-Sex Marriage
             (6)
          o Sarah Palin
             (131)
          o SEIU  (3)
          o Small Business
             (4)
          o Social Media
             (15)
          o Social Networking
             
            (29)
          o Social Security
             (9)
          o South Carolina
             
            (80)
          o South Dakota
             (3)
          o Special Occasions
             
            (89)
          o Spending  
            (65)
          o Statements
             (29)
          o States  (98)
          o Store  (8)
          o Supreme Court
             (13)
          o Swing States
             (16)
          o Syria  (2)
          o Taxes  (148)
          o Tea Party  
            (57)
          o Team MRC  
            (28)
          o Tennessee
             (4)
          o Terrorism  
            (15)
          o Texas
             
            (16)
          o Tim Pawlenty
             
            (105)
          o Trade Policy
             (8)
          o Trade Policy
             
            (2)
          o Transcripts
             (29)
          o Twitter  (25)
          o U.S. Constitution
             (8)
          o U.S. Territories
             (2)
          o Uncategorized
             (359)
          o Unemployment
             (86)
          o Unions  (17)
          o Unravel the Sweater
             
            (26)
          o Utah  (14)
          o Values  (73)
          o Vermont  
            (4)
          o Vice President
             (27)
          o Vice President Paul Ryan
             
            (37)
          o Videos  (631)
          o Virginia
             (18)
          o Volunteerism
             (53)
          o VP rumors  
            (12)
          o VP Ryan  (26)
          o War on Terrorism
             (10)
          o War on Women
             (10)
          o Washington
             
            (3)
          o Washington D.C.
             
            (17)
          o Welfare  (3)
          o West Virginian
             
            (1)
          o Wisconsin
             (31)
          o Wyoming  
            (6)
          o Young Adult Voters
             
            (3)
    *     * Archives

          o October 2012   (24)
          o September 2012   (100)
          o August 2012   (117)
          o July 2012   (76)
          o June 2012   (76)
          o May 2012   (72)
          o April 2012   (77)
          o March 2012   (108)
          o February 2012   (110)
          o January 2012   (135)
          o December 2011   (127)
          o November 2011   (80)
          o October 2011   (93)
          o September 2011   (121)
          o August 2011   (73)
          o July 2011   (53)
          o June 2011   (61)
          o May 2011   (43)
          o April 2011   (48)
          o March 2011   (45)
          o February 2011   (32)
          o January 2011   (45)
          o December 2010   (32)
          o November 2010   (47)
          o October 2010   (40)
          o September 2010   (44)
          o August 2010   (35)
          o July 2010   (33)
          o June 2010   (35)
          o May 2010   (24)
          o April 2010   (41)
          o March 2010   (37)
          o February 2010   (35)
          o January 2010   (62)
          o December 2009   (45)
          o November 2009   (28)
          o October 2009   (39)
          o September 2009   (49)
          o August 2009   (2)
          o July 2009   (5)
          o June 2009   (4)
          o May 2009   (7)
          o April 2009   (5)
          o March 2009   (10)
          o February 2009   (15)
          o January 2009   (16)
          o December 2008   (8)
          o November 2008   (13)
          o October 2008   (24)
          o September 2008   (24)
          o August 2008   (50)
          o July 2008   (12)
          o June 2008   (5)
          o May 2008   (17)
          o April 2008   (33)
          o March 2008   (25)
          o February 2008   (83)
          o January 2008   (315)
          o December 2007   (219)
          o November 2007   (148)
          o October 2007   (104)
          o September 2007   (70)
          o August 2007   (78)
          o July 2007   (61)
          o June 2007   (94)
          o May 2007   (95)
          o April 2007   (112)
          o March 2007   (137)
          o February 2007   (189)
          o January 2007   (204)
    * Live Traffic Feed
      

    * Pages

          o About MRC 
                + Contact Us
                  
                + Donate 
                + Team MRC
                  
                      # Adam Ebberts
                        
                      # Ben Collins
                        
                      # BOSMAN
                        
                      # Dave P.
                        
                      # David Parker
                        
                      # Greg Stapley
                        
                      # Jared A.
                        
                      # Jayde Wyatt
                        
                      # Jeff Fuller, M.D.
                        
                      # Luke Gunderson
                        
                      # Nate Gunderson
                        
                      # Paul Johnson
                        
                      # Rebel
                        
                      # Victor Lundquist
                        
          o Community 
                + Chat 
          o About Mitt
            
          o On the Issues 
                + Abortion / Stem Cell Research
                  
                + American Culture and Values
                  
                + Cap and Trade / Global Warming
                  
                + Card Check
                  
                + Education
                  
                + Energy Independence
                  
                + Foreign Policy
                  
                + Health Care Reform
                  
                + Immigration
                  
                + Limited Government
                  
                + National Defense
                  
                + Same-Sex Marriage
                  
                + Economy
                  
                + Second Amendment
                  
          o Speeches 
                + 2004 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/01/04 – Remarks to the 2004 Republican National
                        Convention
                        
                + 2006 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/22/06 – Values Voters Summit 2006
                        
                      # 10/05/06 – Liberty Sunday Address
                        
                + 2007 Speeches
                  
                      # 03/02/07 – CPAC 2007
                        
                      # 05/05/07 – Regent University
                        
                      # 09/22/07 – Remarks at the Mackinac Republican
                        Leadership Conference
                        
                      # 10/05/07 – Defending the American Dream Summit
                        
                      # 10/19/07 – Values Voters Summit 2007
                        
                      # 12/06/07 – Faith in America
                        
                + 2008 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/15/08 – Romney Wins the Michigan Primary
                        
                      # 02/07/08 – CPAC 2008 – Romney Suspends Campaign
                        
                      # 09/03/08 – RNC 2008
                        
                + 2009 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/30/09 – Remarks to the House Republican
                        Conference Retreat
                        
                      # 03/31/09 – Remarks to the National Republican
                        Senatorial Committee Spring Dinner
                        
                      # 04/21/09 – A Timid Advocate of Freedom (Barack
                        Obama)
                        
                      # 10/19/09 – 2009 AIPAC National Summit
                        
                      # 02/27/09 – CPAC 2009
                        
                      # 05/15/09 – NRA Convention 2009
                        
                      # 06/01/09 – The Care of Freedom
                        
                      # 09/19/09 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                + 2010 Speeches
                  
                      # 09/17/10 – Values Voters Summit 2009
                        
                      # 05/25/10 – Annual Reagan Lecture
                        
                      # 02/18/10 – CPAC 2010
                        
                + 2011 Speeches
                  
                      # 02/11/11 – CPAC 2011 Believe in America
                        
                      # 03/05/11 – Carroll County Lincoln Day Dinner
                        
                      # 04/02/11 – Republican Jewish Coalition Speech
                        
                      # 05/12/11 – Mitt Romney’s Michigan Presentation on
                        Healthcare Reform
                        
                      # 06/02/11 – Mitt Romney Announces His 2012 Run for
                        President
                        
                      # 06/03/11 – Faith & Freedom Coalition
                        
                      # 08/30/11 – VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 09/02/11 – Republican National Hispanic Assembly
                        
                      # 09/04/11 – TEA Party Express NH
                        
                      # 10/07/11 – An American Century
                        
                      # 10/08/11 – Values Voters Summit 2011
                        
                      # 11/04/11 – Remarks at Americans for Prosperity’s
                        “Defending the American Dream Summit”
                        
                      # 12/07/11 – Remarks to the Republican Jewish
                        Coalition
                        
                + 2012 Speeches
                  
                      # 01/10/12 – Mitt Romney’s New Hampshire Primary
                        Victory Speech
                        
                      # 01/31/12 – Mitt Romney’s Florida Primary Victory
                        Speech
                        
                      # 02/04/12 – Nevada Caucus Victory Speech
                        
                      # 02/10/12 – CPAC 2012
                        
                      # 02/24/12 – Speech at the Detroit Economic Club
                        
                      # 02/28/12 – Michigan/Arizona Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/06/12 – Super Tuesday Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/19/12 – Remarks in Chicago: “The Freedom to
                        Dream”
                        
                      # 03/20/12 – Illinois Victory Speech
                        
                      # 03/30/12 – Freedom and Opportunity
                        
                      # 04/03/12 – Wisconsin/Maryland/DC Victory Speech
                        
                      # 04/04/12 – Newspaper Association of America Remarks
                        
                      # 04/13/12 – NRA Convention 2012
                        
                      # 04/24/12 – A Better America Begins Tonight
                        
                      # 05/12/12 – Liberty University Commencement Address
                        
                      # 05/15/12 – Prairie Fire of Debt Speech
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks on Education – “A Chance for
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 05/23/12 – Remarks On Education: “A Chance For
                        Every Child”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/07/12 – “A Champion for Free Enterprise”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 06/21/12 – Remarks to NALEO: “Growing Opportunity
                        for All Americans”
                        
                      # 07/11/12 – Speech to the NAACP Convention
                        
                      # 07/24/12 – Remarks At The VFW National Convention
                        
                      # 07/29/12 – Mitt Romney’s Policy Speech in Jerusalem
                        
                      # 08/11/12 – Mitt Romney Makes His VP Announcement
                        
                      # 08/12/12 – Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan in Wisconsin
                        
                      # 08/14/12 – Mitt Romney’s Speech in Chillicothe,
                        Ohio
                        
                      # 08/30/12 – Romney Accepts the GOP Nomination in
                        Tampa
                        
                      # 09/11/12 – The National Guard Association
                        Conference
                        
                      # 09/17/12 – U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
                        
                      # 09/25/12 – The Clinton Global Initiative
                        
          o Op-eds 
                + 2008 Op-eds
                  
                      # 11/18/08 – Let Detroit Go Bankrupt
                        
                      # 12/19/08 – A Republican Stimulus Plan (Act Now)
                        
                + 2009 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/06/09 – Stimulate the Economy, Not Government
                        
                      # 03/17/09 – The President is Missing the Long-Term
                        Effects of His Policies
                        
                      # 03/25/09 – A Cautionary Tale of Card Check
                        
                      # 05/02/09 – Healthcare: The Answer is Unleashing
                        Markets – Not Government
                        
                      # 06/02/09 – Obama, Hold Apology. World Owes U.S.
                        Thanks
                        
                      # 07/30/09 – Mr. President, What’s the Rush?
                        
                      # 08/07/09 – The EFCA Threatens Educational
                        Innovation
                        
                      # 09/17/09 – Obama on Missile Defense: Alarming and
                        Dangerous
                        
                      # 10/02/09 – Another Stimulus is Not the Answer
                        
                      # 10/22/09 – Iran: Biggest Threat Since Soviets
                        
                      # 08/23/09 – Stepping away from Israel will weaken
                        the United States
                        
                      # 11/19/09 – The Cost of On-the-Job Training
                        
                      # 12/02/09 – Mr. President, Here’s How to Lift our
                        Economy
                        
                + 2010 Op-eds
                  
                      # 03/22/10 – Obama’s ‘Unconscionable Abuse of Power’
                        
                      # 06/09/10 – We Need a Leader, Not a Politician
                        
                      # 07/06/10 – Obama’s Worst Foreign-Policy Mistake
                        
                      # 11/03/10 – Obama Must Slay the Job-Killing Beast
                        
                      # 12/03/10 – Stop START
                        
                      # 12/14/10 – Romney: Tax Deal, Bad Deal
                        
                      # 07/26/10 – Eight Problems with the New START
                        
                      # 08/18/10 – Grow Jobs and Shrink Government
                        
                + 2011 Op-eds
                  
                      # 01/24/11 – Romney on Reagan: A Legacy of Optimism,
                        Strength
                        
                      # 2/18/11 – Obama Turns His Back on Israel
                        
                      # 03/08/11 – Obama Misery Index Hits a Record High
                        
                      # 03/31/11 – On Jobs, Where is Obama?
                        
                      # 04/14/11 – President Obama Goes from Wrong to
                        Dishonest
                        
                      # 04/15/11 – Rein in Government — Starting With Obama
                        
                      # 04/25/11 – Obama isn’t Serious About America’s
                        Financial Health
                        
                      # 05/11/11 – As First Act, Out With ObamaCare
                        
                      # 06/17/11 – The Price of Inexperience
                        
                      # 06/18/11 – My Pro-Life Pledge
                        
                      # 07/14/11 – Obama Made Recession, Recovery Worse
                        
                      # 08/27/11 – An Environment for Job Creation
                        
                      # 09/05/11 – My Plan to Turn Around the U.S. Economy
                        
                      # 09/22/11 – The Future of Social Security
                        
                      # 09/24/11 – Put American Workers, Business First
                        
                      # 09/29/11 – Here is How I Will Control Federal
                        Spending
                        
                      # 10/13/11 – China Must Respect the Free-Trade System
                        
                      # 10/19/11 – Meeting the Energy Challenge
                        
                      # 10/24/11 – We Need an Environment for Jobs
                        
                      # 11/03/11 – How I’ll Tackle Spending, Debt
                        
                      # 11/08/11 – President Obama has Failed Michigan
                        
                      # 11/10/11 – I Won’t Let Iran Get Nukes
                        
                      # 12/19/11 – What Kind of Society Does America Want?
                        
                      # 12/30/11 – Return America to Its Greatness
                        
                + 2012 Op-eds
                  
                      # 02/03/12 – President Obama Versus Religious Liberty
                        
                      # 02/07/12 – We Don’t Need Higher Taxes
                        
                      # 02/14/12 – Taxpayers Should Get GM Shares’ Proceeds
                        
                      # 02/16/12 – How I’ll Respond to China’s Rising Power
                        
                      # 02/23/12 – A Tax Reform to Restore America’s
                        Prosperity
                        
                      # 03/01/12 – Obama Would Tax Economy to Death
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – How I Would Check Iran’s Nuclear
                        Ambition
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – Restoring the American Promise
                        
                      # 03/05/12 – U.S. Can Be Energy Superpower
                        
                      # 03/22/12 – Why I’d Repeal Obamacare
                        
                      # 03/27/12 – Bowing to the Kremlin
                        
                      # 05/04/12 – Mitt Romney to President Obama: “Where
                        are the Jobs?”
                        
                      # 05/19/12 – Reinforcing Alliance’s Military Might is
                        Vital
                        
                      # 07/31/12 – Culture Does Matter
                        
                      # 08/24/12 – What I Learned at Bain Capital
                        
                      # 09/19/12 – I’ll Deliver Recovery, Not Dependency
                        
                      # 10/1/12 – A New Course for the Middle East
                        
          o Resources 
                + Books by Mitt Romney
                  
                      # No Apology
                        
                      # Turnaround
                        
                + Calendar
                  
                + FAQ About Mitt Romney
                  
                + Mitt Romney News
                  
                + Primary Results and Delegate Count
                  
                + RomneyCare
                  
                + The Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan 2012 Store
                  
    * Powered by WordPress 
      Theme: Mantra by Cryout Creations 

      [Valid CSS!] 

    * Thumbnails

      [Mitt Romney Photo 1] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 2]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 3] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 4]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 5] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 6]
      [Mitt Romney Photo 7] 	[Mitt Romney Photo 8]

Copyright © 2007-2012 Mitt Romney Central | This site is not paid for or 
endorsed by any candidate or political campaign.
Store  | 
Chat  | About MRC
 | Contact
 | Login
